(cell phone rings)johnny: kids! yourmother's on the phone,and it's her first day on set,so let's all make sure wekeep her spirits high, okay?alexis, come on.mr. rose, i think you should answer it.yeah, she's over there all by herself,so it's gotta be stressful, right?- i mean, the jet lag, and...- oh my god, answer the phone!- that's why-that's why...- answer the phone, please!put her on speaker, howdo you put her on speaker?


- arghhh!- speaker, speaker.yeah, hello? moira?- _- moira: john? hello? hello?moira? david, i don'tthink she can hear me!john, are you there?yeah, i'm here, everybody's here.i expected to hear from you yesterday.kids, say hi to your mother.- hey.- hi...- she-she's not my mother.- who are those voices?uh, your children!oh alexis, do you have strep again?- that was david!- is that stevie?hi.


david! oh, david, how's the store?any new customers, oris it still friendless?okay, thank you.and john, i know disorientedyou get in my absence.don't forget i leftyou that sudoku book.yeah, well, i haven'tneeded it sweetheart,because i've been up since 5:00am,there's so much to do here at the motel.but listen, how are you doing?i mean, how does it feelto be back in the saddle?oh john, there's a sweetness in the air,and i'm not just saying thatbecause we shoot nextto a baklava factory.(snapping) kids!do you wanna put thosemagazines back, please?!no. (knock on door)excellent, hamza!darlings, i must sign off.i'm finally getting mytete-a-tete with the director.he's some up-and-coming prettyyoung thing out of new york.well, sounds like your kind of people.yes! you come up with some real money,you can attract the best.well, zbogom, john!that's goodbye in the mother tongue!okay, well, i'll signoff too, sweetheart.lots to do, but wishingyou an exciting...(call beeps off)okay, yep. miss you, too.she already hung up.oh! burn, dad!oh my god that's so embarrassing,you must feel ridiculous.you better rememberwhich nails you pulledthose wigs from, because yourmother keeps a spreadsheet.- david? come here, please.- (gasps)- i have a concern.- oh! um, no.your natural deodorant isn't working.stop, david! no, come here.- sit!- what?- um...- what?!i just wanted to make surethat everything was okaybetween you and patrick.yeah! why? why? what did...what did he say to you?no, nothing. i just got...scared when i saw your scoreon this relationship quiz.oh my god!because according to m'lady magazine,"how electric is your relationship" quizfrom summer 1991, you and patrickare "in need of agenerator!" poor thing!okay, first of all,it's major lady magazine,and second of all, that quiz is garbage.mm, totally, david.this garbage quiz that it lookslike you took more than once.yeah, because it's rigged.you could take it 1000 timesyou'd still get the same outcome.oh, it's okay, david.you and patrick havesettled in to that like,nine to five life, sothings are probably startingto feel a little snooze-town.you're dating a vet whoirons his polo shirts.um, ted and i got"electrical storm." so.that's impossible. whatdid you do to get that?did you plug your hairdryerin with wet hands again?hey, that happenedtwice david, let it go.sorry that we work hardto keep the sparks flying.that's disgusting.we've actually started takingevery friday afternoon offto go on "adventure dates.""adventure dates" sound likesomething a marriage counselorwould proscribe as a last resort.okay, fine... i was gonna seeif you guys wanted tojoin us this afternoon,but you probably havemore exciting things to do,like put price tags on things, and...it's merchandising day, actually.oh!where are you going, anyway?ted booked a tour of elm falls park,which is like, a super cute look for us.sounds dumb.fine, text me the information,and i'll see if we're interested.oh! david? it could be worse.you guys could be a"total power failure."mm! eat glass.(door slams)caw! caw! my teamster brethren!yes, it's me, if you can believe it!(dog barks)(woman laughs)(low hum of chatter)(knocks)(door latch clicks)okay, i told the producersi would approve background on set.oh! and i shall tell them the same.you must be blaire. no last name.doctor clara beatricemandrake at your service.middle name wasn't scripted,but i've done my homework.okay. so, you're rose, then?moira rose. and i seewhat's happening here.break me down just to build me up again!like stan kubrick did to shelley.okay, i'm not really into games,and i'm due on set in an hour,so can whatever thisis can wait 'til then?i imagine script revisionsmight be somethingyou'd like to sign off onbefore the first clap of the boards.there's a problem with the script?well, just a few character adjustments.(laughs) i'm kidding.the script's a totaldumpster fire, of course.hah! if the script were garbage,i don't believe we'd have signed on.it's an apocalypticfantasy about mutant crows.i think we all knowwhat we're making here.a timely allegory about prejudice.- okay, maura, is it?- moira.my last picture was a $50million dollar studio project.i think it's safe to saythat this is not that.and what exactly is this to you, then?a trip to bora bora.i see. bora bora.caroline kennedy oncecalled it the atlantic cityof french polynesia.okay, let's just cash our paychecks,and pray no one ever sees this, yeah?(door slams)(dog barks)(door opens)- morning, stevie.i'm just here to submitmy letter of resignation.okay, you can just leaveit right here on the desk.well, i haven't actually written it yet.but i guess i can justdictate it to you right now.um, "to whom it may concern."sorry roland, whyexactly are you quitting?well, i would rather quitthan come in here every dayand be humiliated!i mean, i come to work,and johnny's out theredoing all my jobs!yeah, he's been... buzzing around- ever since mrs. rose left.- yeah, exactly!i mean, come on, what's next?i go home and he's playingstrip backgammon with my wife?(laughs) come on!- no, don't talk to me.- yeah.i-i mean, i look in the mirrorand it's johnny's facestaring back at me?got it, roland. i'll talk to him.okay, well, i'll go with you.oh, look! this guy'swearing a work shirt.he's even copping my look now!(scoffs)uh...what ya doin' there, mr. rose?oh, i noticed there was a bitof blockage in the gutters.but um...roland's in charge of doing the gutters.yeah, i'm the gutter guy, johnny.everybody knows i'm the gutter guy!well, it was on theto-do list for today.yeah, it was on my to-do list!what are you gonna donext, the bathrooms?!no, i haven't done the bathrooms.jeez, i wouldn't mindif he did the bathrooms.uh, is everything okay, mr. rose?yeah, never felt better.i feel invigorated!well, maybe you can moveon to cleaning the windows,and give roland his job back?well, i've already done the windows.it looks like roland mighthave to find some other work.oh jeez. find some otherwork, do you hear him?what's gonna happen next?i go to my dermatologist,and johnny's theregetting my moles checked?stevie: point made roland, thank you.(bell on door jingles)(soft jazz music plays)- oh hi.- hi.have i ever told you howsexy it is to walk in hereand see you doing um...inventory?and wearing those littlerubber thimbles on your fingers?they help me flip the pages easier.hot. hot sex.you know what else is hot and sexy?doing somethingspontaneous this afternoon.ooh, like what?you helping me with the inventory?yes. or...taking the afternoon off.mixing up the nine to five.okay...well, nine to five are our store hours.so it's kinda hard tobuild customer loyaltywhen your store is just like,spontaneously open or closed.yeah. anyway, it turns outalexis's relationship is in trouble.- what?- yeah, i know.struggling. she practicallybegged us to join themat the park this afternoon,probably for emotional support.wow, we just saw them,they seemed totally fine.i know. yeah.well, they're in need of a generator,if you know what i mean.well, i don't, but uh...if you think it'll help a bad situation,i guess we could duckout a little early today.it will just mean we'llhave to start early tomorrow.mhmm.you know, it's that unshakablesense of responsibilitythat... makes me wanna just...rip those little rubber things,and... burn 'em in a fire.(laughs)(groans)johnny: twyla, can i get alunch special to go, please?- sure.- okay.oh! so no one thought to tell meabout the team lunch today?oh, we tried.you just couldn't hear us overthe sound of the lawnmower.yeah, lawnmower, as in mowing the lawn,which is also my job.am i supposed to be readingbetween the lines here?well, i think we were justwondering if maybe the factthat you're soinvigorated to work latelyis because mrs. rose is gone,and you're trying to fill a...fill a big, blackempty hole in your life.is that pretty much what youwere trying to say there, stevie?maybe not quite like that, but...okay, if you're suggesting...that my work ethichas anything to dowith... oh, it's moira!i gotta to take this.moira, what's the good word?oh john, i'm afraid i've madea grave error in judgment.oh sweetheart, i told younot to drink the tap water.if only! at this momentan intestinal bacteriawould wreak less havoc on my career!well, i don't understand.everything was fine two hours ago.john, you know me, i'mnever one to complain.i didn't bat an eye when ifound out my accommodationhere was in actuality asmall "bed or breakfast."they feed me at work, i'll take the bed.so then what's the problem?our director appears tobe on a kamikaze missionto sink this ship,and i refuse to be thegoddess on its prow!well, if you're not enjoyingyourself anymore sweetheart,then coming home is always an option.i mean, you must be missing your family.oh, thank you, john, but that's not it.this was supposed tobe my comeback vehicle,and opportunities like thiscome along ever so infrequently.well, moira,i feel the answer isright in front of you.this isn't some rinky-dinkmade-for-tv movie,or a voice gig for an x-ratedjapanese video game.that-that was rated"m" for "mature," john.all i'm saying is youhave an opportunity here.and if you want it bad enough,you've gotta fight for it.you're right. you're right!if sandy bullock hadn't foughtto keep the speed franchise alive,we never would've had "cruise control".john, thank you.i would be lost without you.(kiss sound, beeps call off)me too.everything okay?yeah, everything's good, stevie.everything's good. soi'm gonna head back,uh, but you can brainstormsome things for roland to do.and if not, i have a window later,so i can take the job on if you like.just so you're aware, mr. rose,the special is cream of mushroom soup.we don't actually haveto-go containers for that,so i've just double-bagged it.would you like a spoon, or a straw?(birds chirp)i have to say, david,i'm a little shockedthat you agreed to do this,i know how fearful you are of heights.hmm. well, "fearful" makes mesound like some dickensianorphan with a chronic illness.it's more an aversion.yeah, do i wish that alexiswas a little more specificwhen she said we were coming to a park?uh maybe, but this, this isgonna be fun, i think for us.- you know?- yeah.david, you look so cute under there!like a tiny toadstool man,or a little acorn person, or something.hey! so glad you guys could make it!i hope you didn't have to like,rearrange your dailyschedule, or anything, hm?oh, no, no, no, we just agreed to finishdoing the inventory tomorrow.mm, that's a sensible decision.yeah.they look like they're reallyenjoying each other's company.yeah, they fake it well.i actually did one ofthese at summer camp.yeah, and i couldn't imaginewho wouldn't want to dangle20 feet in the air ona series of shaky logs.it's actually closer to 30 feet, bud.david's never doneanything like this before.- uh oh, we've got a virgin!- okay,you might wanna talk to halfmy birthright trip about that.all right, do you wanna go first, babe?- hundred, babe.- oh okay, there we go!hey. mm!all right.you feeling okay, david?you're looking a little flushed.no, just using a new tintedmoisturizer, that's all.it's all right.- i guess i'll go.- (laughs) all right!this will be a fun adventure for us.yes...get the clip off, andyou're ready to go.- babe!- whoa, great job, babe!david!david!- stop!(david whimpers)none of my phone chargers are working!i ask for a pressed juice,and all i get are blank stares.look, i just find it hard to believethat this was the bestgig you could've gotten me.get my days down! yeah. hi.- hello, again.- hi.i was hoping this mightbe an opportune momentto discuss the quagmirein which you fancy yourself ensnared?the what to the what now?i suspect you're viewingthis enterprise as a barrierrather than a gateway tothe future of your career.yeah, you really don't have to worry- about the future of my career.- is that so?because i did a little "ask jeeves-ing,"and you, sir, were recently cut loosefrom a high-profile blockbuster.we had artistic differences.you were the artist, andthey were indifferent!yes, well, nothing is asure thing in this business.nothing is a sure thing.which is why you shouldlook at every opportunityas a pearl in an un-shucked oyster.i would hardly call this an opportunity!i-i worked in soaps.they had me play my own father,who then became pregnantdespite the vasectomy.i still hold the recordfor the longest-runningdemonic possessionon daytime television.okay, what's your point?we were number one.every project has potential.if you allow yourself to see it,and give it the respect it deserves,others just may follow suit.yeah, i really wouldn't knowwhere to start with this one.hmm, well, here are my revisions.if you care to discuss them,i'll be running lines in the nest.(blaire sighs heavily)hey stevie, don't mind me.just coming in for aquick cup of rocket fuel.nobody drinks thatrocket fuel, mr. rose.i know it tastes like something i foundin that gutter out there, but uh...it's the pick-me-up i need tofinish reorganizing the shed.(exasperated sigh)you're reorganizing the shed?that's not on thecalendar 'til next week.yeah well, with my evenings free,i mean, normally at this timemoira and i are decidingon dinner plans, but uh...okay, mr. rose,i know i might be overstepping here,but i... just wanted you to knowthat it's okay to miss your wife.no, it's just an adjustment, that's all.i mean, we're makingadjustments all the time.yesterday i couldn't drinkthis coffee, and now...we've been serving thisto guests the whole time?mr. rose,i-i hope that someday i find someonewho i can stand long enoughto feel a little lostwhen they're not around.(sighs heavily)i'm exhausted.eight days, stevie.that's the longest we've gonewithout seeing each other.no matter where we were,and... yeah, we've managed to keep it upfor almost 40 years.well, see?it makes sense that you're a littleout of sorts without her.i'll tell you what'snot out of sorts anymore,that shed! (chuckles)yeah well, now thatyou're done with the shed,maybe you could start sharingthe jobs with roland again?yeah well, you're right, stevie,and i will call roland.it's just i'm so tiredfrom all the work i've been doing,so i'm thinking...maybe you could...no, it's just not my job.right.patrick: you can do this, david!just one step at a time!you're looking prettyshaky there, david.i really hope we didn't"rope" you into something here.alexis: hey david, justpretend you're in like,a super dangerouswalk-and-turn sobriety test.okay, i don't like this!okay well then, just turn around!why would he agree do thiswhen he's afraid of heights?he's not afraid of heights,he's afraid of moths and butterflies.and businesswomen in sneakers.okay, i can hear you!and also heights,something to do with him beingbroken up with while he was...parasailing in the seychelles!he and anderson cooper werestuck up there for like,three hours, until the wind died down.i totally forgot! argh!- i'm sorry, david!- aah!i'm sorry, you wereright, the quiz was rigged.- what?!- what quiz?okay, david took this relationship quiz,and it said that hisrelationship was like,in need of some excitement.- what?!- david, i lied!i took the quiz like, 15 times."in need of a generator" is like,the only answer you can get.oh my god!okay, i don't know what this is about,but this generator is running smoothly.so we're doing all ofthis so that you can proveour relationship is exciting?i failed the stupid quiz,and alexis made me feel bad about it.david, you're basically 40 years old,i shouldn't be able to makeyou feel bad about anything.i love our relationship.i love it when you order me pizza.i love when you usewords like inventory!i even love those stupid rubber thingsyou put on your fingers,'cause you think theyflip the pages faster.they don't flip the pages faster.they don't flip the pages faster!- okay...- i'm so sorry!we're gonna talk aboutthe fact that we missedhalf a day of work to make this happen,but you did just do a treewalk 30 feet in the air for us.- yes, i did.- both: muah!- (tired exhale)- all right, guys,that's one rope down,seven courses to go.- hey.- don't touch me.no.***soon we will walk once morewalk amongst the humans.but until that daycomes, we must remember,the crows don't just have eyes...we also have wings!caaaaw! awk! caw! caw!- cut! cut.- (buzzer sounds)let me guess, he didn'tlike the rewrites,i don't know why,or really, even how,but something about this actually works.oh. all right then, then um...might i ask why didwe interrupt that take?right, so at this point moira,i'm gonna have a bunch of digital birdssort of circling around you,so if you can just be aware of them.yes. aye, captain. note taken.let's pick it up from there.in terms of my eye-line,how many birds am i clocking?and of them, how many are mutants?okay, winging it.action!(gravelly and shrill)listen to me... aaawk!the day will come when weare no longer social outcasts!i am but a tail-featheraway from finding the cure.so please...quiet your cawsso that we may take up our cause...redemption!redemption!awk! awk! ahaaa!