(drum roll, bird chirps)oh, bev i'm sorryi missed you,but i'm so happyi got your voicemail!wondering when you mightbe getatablefor a little red biddy,little back chat? hm?oh, and we're movingto new york.i just thought it was time.ciao.don't tell me you're havinglunch with bev- after all this.- imagine?no, i amputated those peopleyears ago.but bev and her big bazoowill get the word out


quicker than any groupmemorandum.well, that's a relief.kids! breakfast is served.i already ate. oh.- i don't see any breakfast.- mimosas!we're celebrating!ruth sent over a bottleof champagne.so there's no food then?would you look at thisfamily?alexis, pursuing a career in pr.- hm.- david, expanding his business.hm.moira, i have no doubtbroadway will be calling,or maybe a pledge drive on pbs.


(chuckles) oh, you are sweet.i say we do somethingas a family tonight.maybe cook a little something?no. i don't thinkthat's a good idea.- absolutely not.- i mean, look around, family.this won't be our homefor too much longer.(silence)so let's celebrate.- picture.- hm.let's raise those glasses.david? you don't have to lookquite so morose.you're with your family.- (small chuckle)- (camera clicks)ah, now that's a framer.(laughs)- (phone makes a sound)- you just deleted it.- what's that?- (disappointed groans)[♪♪♪] *schitt's creek*season 06 episode 13episode title: "start spreading the news"aired on: march 31, 2020(dog barks in the distance)(sighs) is it just me, john,or does the air not havea particularly lovelyredolence today.oh.do i detect a scintillaof lavender?isn't it funny how the airsuddenly smells sweeternow that you knowwe're leaving.still doesn't feel real.(loud honk)(door shuts)roland, you bought a newtruck?well, johnny, if you wanna bean executive,you gotta drivelike an executive.it might be a bit prematurespending all this money.well, what's the point ofhaving a regular paychequeif you can't have a little funwith it, right?i went to the spa.had a pedicure and a blow-out,at the same time. (laughs)i'm surprised i didn't seeyou there, moira,celebrating your big"sunrise bay" news.and what would thatcommuniqué entail?the reboot!don't tell mei'm the first personto congratulate you!so it's a go.um no, uh,unfortunately, i won't beparticipating in thatlittle vanity project.best to keep ones gazeon the horizon,not the posterior view.- sure.- oh, honey,i think we better get going.i gotta get the truck backto the dealership.i told the salesman i was justtaking it around the block.but then i thought,maybe some cinnamon bunsmight just buy us a sun roof.- (laughing)- bye.here, honey,you hold the buns.i thought they might haveat least calledto say they were moving on.(sighs)big things are coming your way,sweetheart.- don't you worry.- okay.i don't. worry is butundernourished enthusiasm.(door opens, shuts)hello.something's different.your... hair.is in a ponytailbecause i didn't wash it.oh. okay. it just sortof looks likesince you got the dealyou've decided to dressmore professionally.can i help you with somethingin particular, or...uh, actually, yes.- i need your advice.- hm.what says, "patrick, you'regonna love new york" more:a gift card to joe's pizzaor tickets to "wicked"?you're taking patrickon a trip to new york?uh, no. we're moving therewith all of you!what? do you think we're gonnastay here all by ourselves?i'm not moving to new york,david.what?we decided that roland and iwould stay here.and i'm gonna travel aroundand set up all the new motels.i mean, i realized i didn'tneed to live in a big city.i... guess i just neededto know that i could.mhmm.so i take it you didn'tlike the house?- what house?- what?what house?patrick may have been lookingat a house for the two of you.he didn't say anythingabout that?uh, no.like-like to buy?he said that you guys haddriven by it a bunch of times.that house is for sale?no. i don't know. i...can we stop talkingabout this?i feel like i'm doingsomething wrong.so you're finally getting out.yeah. um...i should probably gotalk to my husband.okay.(door opens, shuts)(bell jingles over door)(low hum of chatter,radio plays)oh, alexis, garbage day isthe same for the whole street.you didn't need to bring yourgarbage all the way here.um, i brought my garbagehere for a reason.i thought you might liketo wear some of it.what?as you know, david and iare sharing an apartmentin new york, so i'm likedownsizing a little bit.i can't take all of this,alexis.maybe we can doanother swap?or, or, why don't i just gothrough itand pay for the onesi wanna keep?no, twy, i can't take yourmoney.i've seen how people tip here.alexis, between us,i don't do this jobfor the money.okay, well, if you don't dothis for moneyi'm scared to know what you dodo for money.okay, now that you're leaving,can you keep a secret?depends on how darkit's gonna get, but yes.i won some money in thelottery a few years ago.oh my god, twy! go you!why did you not tell methis before?well, because you guyshad just gotten hereand, and you had just lostall your money.well, what was i gonna say?i just won $92 million?you won $92 million?- oh, no. sorry.- okay.okay, because i literallywas about to pass out.yeah. no, no. i split the$92 million with another guy.so you won like...(struggling with the math)s-so much money.shh. i just...i just don't want anyone know.it changes things.twy, what are you doing here?you could be anywhere,doing anything.i have everything i needright here.and if i've learned anythingfrom how my mom spentthe money i gave her,it's that money can buya lot of snowmobiles,but it can't buy happiness.so it's about how you liveyour life.you know,doing what makes you smile.and being here,getting to hear your storiesover the past few years,even the scary ones,that makes me smile.twy,you might be the best personi know,but as someone who has hada lot of moneyand then not had it andnow is like still pretty poor,but somewhat okay?every now and again,spending like a little bitof moneyon something really special,it might not buy you happiness,but it can definitelyhelp make you smile.(small laugh)this cute dress makes me smile.- hm.- (twyla laughs)not quite sure howthat one got in there.but anything else in thereis yours if you want it.(bag rustles)(gasps) aw!there you go.john, considering i'llhave some time to fritteronce we're there,do you think you might- want to put me to work?- well, i didn't knowthat would be of interestto you, moira.but i'll see if i can get yousomething.remember when you werethe rose video spokesperson- that one year?- how could i not?oh, that photo of me sunbathingatop a giant vhs tape,was a staple of times squarefor a whole season.- (chuckles)- what do you have there?well, i don't know,it's for you.oh.oh, it's from tippy.(reads) "dear moira.you win.welcome back to the bay."john, it's a... tennis bracelet.- what tennis bracelet?- my tennis bracelet.(phone rings)it's tippy.(beeps phone on)tippy.yes, i just received it.please, tell me this is notsome barbarous jape.yes. yes.my answer is a yes!a clangorous, vociferous yes.thank you.thank you.what's all that about?"sunrise bay."wow. when forced to choosebetween clifton and myself,they decided minewas the bigger name.- what?!- yeah.so it's happening?- (laughing)- yes. oh, john.thirteen episode order.they've already sent throughtwo scripts.and-and i have to startin two weeks!(laughing)okay. what is everybodyscreaming about?"sunrise bay".it's happening.they've accepted my demands.all of them?- even the bracelet?- even the bracelet.and you're giving it to me?no, there are 30 diamondson that thing.our offices will bein new york.sounds like we're infor a tricky commute.we'll just work it out, john.(laughing)- (happy squeal)- (laughing)[♪♪♪](door opens, shuts)- hi.- hey.what are you doin'?(sighs) i'm just tryingto write my vows.oh.well, if you need someflattering things to sayabout me, i'd me more thanhappy to help.- i'm good. thanks.- hm.why didn't you tell meabout the house?i um,i was gonna wait until afterthe wedding to tell you.hm.'cause i know how flusteredyou can getwhen there's more than onething on your plate.hm. unless it's food.(small laugh)yeah, and then new yorkhappened and...i don't know, it just seemedkinda pointless.mhmm.when did that houseeven go up for sale?well, technically,it didn't,but after the fourth timethat we drove by it,and you commented that itreminded youof kate winslet's cottagefrom "the holiday".i just knocked on the doorand asked them to call meif they ever decided to sell.turns out their daughtersare off to college,and they're moving to florida.so that's why you wereso reluctant to move.it's just hard to pictureliving some placeyou've never even visited.and i always thoughtyou didn't like new york.um, no, uh,i love new york.it was just a weird timein my life.but i don't want youmoving somewherethat you're not excited about.- i'm excited to be with you.- (exhales)and there are some prosto being there.i mean, it would openthe business upto a much larger market.i'd finally get to see a gameat yankee stadium.yeah, and by then you'llhave met some peoplethat would goand do that with you.it's gonna be a toughgoodbye.hm.this is where we startedour life together.(reluctant agreeing sigh)yeah.(low hum of chatter)(door shuts)(laughs) why have i not beentold aboutthe double-decker sightseeingtour.all: (laughing)well, we wanted to showour support for your moveto the big apple!yeah, we heard that"sunrise bay"was moving on without you,but who needs them?- well, you know...- i say, fuck 'em.- veronica!- no, she's right, moira,they'd be lucky to have youon their two-bit show.yeah, and reboots are neveras good as the original.well, aren't you a wolf packby which any galwould be so luckyto be protected.(flattered chuckles)but it's time for this pupto disperse to new territory."sunrise bay" called withan irresistible offer.that's great, mrs. rose.i mean, who doesn't lovea reboot.- (weak laughs)- so what does this mean?alas, as much as it painsto say,this will mark my lastrehearsal with you all.(emotional)oh my goodness.oh, thanks for the heads up.- camera waits for no one.- wow. moira...i'm not as prepared for thisas i thought i would be.(emotional sniffling)- veronica.- hm.i suppose you have somethingin your eye?no. i just-i just don't likesurprises.we should-we should getstarted.woman: yeah.ronnie: (calming exhales)may-may i just proclaimthat i have rarely...never... i've never felt morebuttressthan i have in your company,dear gals.not to flog a metaphor but...wolf pups are born blindand deaf,and in your care i have learnedto see and hearthe beauty in the bucolic.- (laughing)- what's this? what?oh no. no.let's not turn thisinto a hallmark movieof the week.i've done enough of thosefor a lifetime. okay?maybe just a quick one.- yeah.- (sad laughter)[♪♪♪](knock on door)come in.(door opens, shuts)hey twy! is everything okay?did i forget to payfor brunch again?oh. no. you remembered.today.- okay.- anyway... um...i wanted to comeand tell you thatwhat you said to me thismorning really resonated.twy. that means so much.um,um... what part of what i said,specifically?oh. that i shouldn't beafraid to spend moneyon things that are specialto me.- mhmm.- so...i bought the café.what?!i called the owners and toldthem to name their price.okay, i was talking morelike a spa dayor like a cute little ankletor something.it's something that willmake me smile.twyla's café tropical.it's got a nice ring to it,right?yeah.or like "twyla's café".yeah, i don't think so.- twy, i'm so happy for you.- oh.you deserve it.thank you, alexis.and you deserve this.(envelope rustles)oh my god. twy.it's for all your dresses.most of them fit.and whatever doesn'ti'll just give to my mom.okay. that's so sweet,but those dresses would neversell for this much,like not even in retail.consider it a goodbye present.a little something to helpyou start your new life.(exhales)maybe even enough to get youyour own place.you're gonna do great things,alexis.no, i know.but i can't accept this.even though i knowi'm gonna regret it,in like a minute.i think that if i'm gonnado this on my own,i need to do this on my own.i respect that.(envelope rustles)oh.(awkward laugh)hey, i don't mean to tell youhow to spend your money,but maybe you could use someof it to come visit me?i'd like that.boop.hey twy,like, cute dress.thanks.my friend gave it to me.(door opens, shuts)(sharp exhale)[♪♪♪]- david...- hm?this might seem like a reallystupid question, but um...why are we here?because i felt likei owed it to patrickto at least see the placewhere he wanted usto spend the rest of our lives.and?and it's way too smallfor the rest of our lives,but it's cute.okay, so we just drove hereto look at a placethat you don't planon living in?(birds chirp)correct.(sighs)how many years have i known you,and i still can't figure outwhat goes on inside your head.join the club.(gets emotional)that was a joke,in case it didn't land.hmm.no, i was just thinking abouthow patrick must have drivenout here,and knocked on that doorand asked those peopleto call himif they ever planned on sellingjust because i...i said it was nice.who does that?good people.good people do thingslike that.(sighs)hence the reason whywe don't understand it.mhmm.can i ask you a question?yes.what is it about new york?i have big dreams.and you can't have thosedreams here?and some friends left there.the "friends" who you invitedto the wedding?to name a few, yes.david, they're not coming.apparently there was anelectronic music festivalin norway that took priority.why do you wanna go backto a placethat's done nothingbut hurt your feelings?because i want those peopleto know that i'm not a joke.and that i've won.david, look at this place.you've won.and on a personal note,i don't want youto leave me here, okay?(emotional exhales, sniffling)did you put on deodoranttoday?excuse me?i know, it might be the farm.- it's the farm.- okay.i smelled something.- it's not me!- all right!- we're leaving!- relax.[♪♪♪](crickets chirp,dog barks in the distance)kids, food's here.(singsong) mmmm.wait. one pizza?what is this, les mis?yes, it's a dignifiedfamily symposium, david.not some all-one can-consume smorgasbord.- don't be an animal, son.- david! ugh.- ugh!- ugh.okay. so what are the plansfor tonight?because i might be meeting twyfor a drink.well, i thought we'dall stay in tonight,and enjoy the pizzaand play charades?charades.i'm going to have to gracefullybow out.i don't think you canafford my quote anymore.both: (laughing)just saying it out loudmakes it so real.well, i suppose i shouldlet you both knowthat there's been a slightchange of plans.as you've heard, your motheris going back to work.(claps)and we'll be headingto california.now, i've i made some callsand i'll be setting up shopout west for the time being.ooh, so it's just davidand megoing to new york then?um...i have something to say.- the wedding's off.- no. the wedding is not...why would the wedding be off?patrick found us a house.okay, i don't know howwe'd be able to afford a house.the house is here.i think we're going to stay.- what?- moira: david,are sure you've giventhis sentencingadequate deliberation?i just don't thinki'm finished with this place.my business is here.my...my husband is here.and i'm just not readyto mess that up...just yet.i'm sorry, i said i wouldshare a place with you.so does this mean you'll becoming with us, alexis?um, no.i think it means that i'm gonnabe flying solo to new york.i've done it before,and i can do it again.you take that emberof independenceand you keep it burning.because you, my darling,are destined to be on fire!well, i could not be moreproud of my familythan i am right now.and as much as i'll miss this...being together...at least i can go to sleepknowingwe're all gonna be okay.(emotional sniffling)so when are you leaving?september 3rd.that's my wedding day.and we're tied to the third?- oh moira...- am i tied to the third?of course you're gettingmarried on the third, david.moira, we can leave firstthing the next morning.yes. we will, john.it's just worth noting thatthe lie-flat seats were onlyon the evening flight.moira.- it's okay.- unbelievable.(door slams)okay.(nervous exhale)david, what is going on?you're wearing a blindfold.i'm not just gonna tell youwhat's going on.- (clears throat)- okay. you can take it off now.(birds chirp)(dog barks in the distance)hmm.hey, you do know that i'vealready seen this house, right?i do.so then why are we here?because i put an offer in.and they accepted.what?what about new york?i thought that's whereyou wanted to be?i thought so, too.but it's not whereyou wanna be.and i don't wanna be anywhereyou don't wanna be.david, i promise i will makeyou so happy here.you fuckin' better.wait. so when you sayyou put an offer in...- yes.- what exactly did you do?um, i don't really know.you might wanna call them.call the people.yeah, no. i'm definitelygonna look at that offer.mhmm.you know, at this pointwho even needs a wedding,am i right?oh, i do.i need a wedding. big time.