we're getting out!we're finally getting out!oh my god.i mean it!oh my-oh my god!oh my god!johnny...- synced for bobikowa -told you i'd sellthis town. didn't i tell you?yes. not to diminishyour accomplishment,but you did say that a handful of times.


i think eight, to be exact.it bears repeating.my little suity-cases! oh!david? should i take this with me?if i'm being perfectlyhonest, it's very lowon the totem pole of coatsof yours that i like, but...it was a gift from your father.hey, that's a good coat.i outbid richard branson forit at the kiminski auction.i did get sick of havinghot coffee and blood thrown at me.you know who covets this coat? jocelyn.i could bestow it uponher as a parting gift.we may want to put pen to paperbefore we start giving awaydesigner clothing, sweetheart.


it would be her first piece of clothingmade outside of mainlandchina. i'm gonna do it.honestly, i cannotwait to get to the beach.- what?- yeah, i'm going to st. bartswith jenna, leisha, and...some other girl with an "ah" namethat i can't quite remember.- huh.- why? what are you doing?well, i'm gonna go to newyork and um... see some people.oh! what people?you don't know them. just people.i thought everyone just kindof dropped you like flieswhen you couldn't pick up thetab at the waverly anymore?well, that's absolutely not true.i just have a different kindof relationship with my friendswhere we don't need to be inconstant contact with each other.okay.you should um... come tonew york after you're done.and do what, eat a cronutat a brooklyn flea market?well, i was thinkingmaybe we could get a...a two-bedroom apartment in manhattanand not have to live in brooklyn.honestly, david, and like no offense,but when i get out of here,i'm gonna get my own placeso i can pack how i wanna packand i don't have to be calleda circus freak all the time.ding-dong.- moira, hey!- hi, jocelyn.gosh, you look so glamorous today.oh, thank you. some days it just works.yeah.so i guess you heard the news.i heard there was someoneinterested in buying...yes, we're leaving.i didn't know it was finalized.and since we're leaving...dear god it feels good to be saying that!i would like to give you thisas a little keepsake to remember me by.wow.is-is it a wig?no. it's a coat. it's the coat.what coat?the coat you kept goingon about that one time.are you sure it was me?oh, it's absolutely tragic, jocelyn,that i will never see orspeak to you ever again.- well...- but i will have my memoriesand you will have this incredible coat.goodbye, dear friend.goodbye, moira rose.hey! what're you doing here?- um, can i... ?- yeah, yeah, come on in.- hey.- hey.um... so big news. we've sold the town.- wow. o-okay, and...- and we're leaving.we're leaving?well, me and my family are leaving.oh.yeah...oh. okay.well, in that case then, um, here,there's something that i need to show you.okay.uh...originally, we were gonna be on anall-inclusive vacation when i did this...what's an all-inclusive vacation?alexis claire rose... will you marry me?uh... uh...yes!if i was staying, then yes!a thousand times, yes!and if things were differentand i wasn't leaving,um, then definitely yes!so... is that a no?yes... ?are you stealing roland's truck?yeah. it's not exactly a tesla,but it'll get our bags to the airport.so you wanted to see me?yeah. i had an idea.oh-oh.what if you came with me to new york?- what?- yeah.are you ser... really?mm-hmm.- new york?!- yeah.i don't even know what i would do there.oh, you just watch a season of "girls"and do the opposite ofwhat they do. it's easy.you have this like whole life there,with all these fancy friends...who, in my head, atleast all dress like you,and i feel like i'd get lost in the mix.mm-hmm.well, all of my friends willprobably be away for the summerand i have found a really beautifultwo-bedroom in the east village.it's beautiful, so...oh, two bedroom.yeah. i mean, i waslooking at three bedrooms,but do i really need anoffice? i don't... i don't know.yeah... right.you're coming! you're coming to new york!pack a bag. pack two bags.how many bags do you have?i'm saving you from this dumpy town.see you soon!oh, twyla...oh, hey, mr. rose. iheard you guys were leaving.yes, yes, we are,and i just wanted to thank you for allthe great service over the past few months.you're welcome.yeah, judging by your tips,i was never really sure.oh. i'll have a coffeewhen you get a minute.johnny, i gotta talk to you.listen, uh... i don't wannapiss in your punch bowl, okay,but um... i got a bad feeling aboutthis buyer guy of yours, andy...- roberts. right, right.- roberts.very successful. his family madea fortune in the shelving business.okay, fine. um...he called me while he wasbumping uglies with this old lady.oh no, really?but that's not the problem. the problemis he put me on the speaker phone.i mean, who would do such a thing?i mean, that's something you would do.- as soon as he put me on his speakerphone...- no, no,- i thought of you.- that's not something...and i can't deal with another you.but-but-but don't worry, 'cause...- well, i am worried!- it'll be fine. roland.- this is the guy who's gonna buy the town?- just relax.yeah, and here's the kicker...the second one was a hooker too!yeah, yeah. okay, see ya. see ya.excuse me, honey,do you know where i can find johnny rose?i got a meeting with this freakin' douche.thedouchebag is right here.so... you're leaving.what'd ted say about that?uh... he proposed.really.so what'd you tell him?i told him i was leaving.but if you weren't, you would?'kay, is this a barbarawalter special or something?i'm leaving. that's it.you don't seem to be crying about it.i think it's nice you'regoing back to your natural habitat.i'm not a dolphin, mutt.you know what i meant. i'm happy for you.oh. i'm glad you're happy about it.you know, you should really work onexpanding your emotionalrange at some point.so what you're saying is,he got a little short with you?you, uh, you weren'tquite seeing eye to eye?so, are we gonna sign this puppy or what?oh, there's a good idea!andy, i've got the bill of sale right here,and... if you wanna put your johnhancock right there on that first tab...whoa-ba-ba-ba-ba.hold on a second here. ithink i got a better idea.- what's that?- why don't you come over to the house tonightand try some of jocelyn'sfamous mac and cheese.we can sign this then.- and cheese...- or... or we can sign it now,and then we can diveinto some mac and cheese.- right here, andy.- i... i love it.you know, i could reallyuse a good home-cooked meal.well, right after wesign, we can all have one.and according to rolandhere, jocelyn's hot stuff.i can't leave town without meeting her.but then again, if she's that hotwhat's she doing with this guy?i can't help it if she's got taste!oh yeah, right. yeah, taste. yeah.well, excuse you in that coat!i know! jocelyn gave it to me.what?! knock-off's aregetting so good these days.thanks. i can't wait till winter.i'm gonna feel like patty labelle.so you did good work, princess.- thank you.- yeah.perfect attendance,nothing but glowing reviews.and you must have donea some number on mutt.what do you mean?his hours were up a monthago, he kept coming anyway.- what?- yeah, maybe he just got bored...or maybe he just likespretty girls in hippy hats.know what i mean, string bean?that's a lot of bags.there's still some spacefor you though, so don't worry!yeah... so, um, about new york.uh, it sounds amazing,but i can't do it, so...wha-what-what-? why? what?uh, i don't think we're on the same pagewith what going to new york means.okay. what does it...does it mean... something?ugh...i like you.i don't want to like you but i do...and so sharing a spacewith you as roommatesisn't gonna work for me.um... so i'm gonna take a pass, but um...i'm sure you have a lot of friendswho would love to live with you.yeah, not as many as you'd think, so...um... okay.well, thank you for being honest and um...i wish i could fix this situation.um... you've been a great friend.you've been my o-only friend,so... great, nevertheless.um... you've made my life here survivable.survivable. thank-thank you.that is the nicest thinganyone has ever said to me.so now i'm gonna goback to new york... by myselfand um... and you can just stay here then.yeah.i think that's... that's how it has to be.mm-hmm. mm-hmm.okay, bye.yeah, my granddad...opened our family's first shelf factoryin a small town just like this one.i tell you, this place isbursting with opportunity.well, bursting seems tobe the operative word.- mm! so good!- whoa! slow down there, pal!we got dinner comingand a big desert after...- oh.- sex in a pan.oh?then we'll have dessert!i love it! this guy'sa prince. he's a prince!so... did you try it on?- what?- the coat.the one i gave you.yes. it's... it's great.- not too snug?- nope.buttoned right up.it zips.zips. it zipped right up!you didn't try it on, did you?no. oh, why not?it's a great coat! atleast let us see it on you.i gave it away.i'm sorry.it just... it didn't suit meand... i thought about ronnieand you know she could always use somemore feminine pieces in her wardrobe,and so i took it over toher and she really liked it,so i paid it... forward.well, jocelyn, there are...certain things that are just not done:smoking in a car with a baby,unless you crack a window;tipping before tax;mixing drinks with cola;and giving away a coatthat doesn't belong to you.it's open.hey. um... i just came to say...that we'll be leaving as soonas the sale's signed, so...you must be super excited.yeah.why did you do all thatextra community service, mutt?extra community service?ronnie said that yourhours ended a long time ago, so...i like to stay active.really?what do you want me to say?well, could it maybe bebecause of the fact that you...enjoy my company?sure.don't you even care that i'm leaving?of course i care.- then what're you doing?- why are you yelling?okay, i'm gonna ask you one more time.mutt, why did you do thatextra community service?you know why!why can't you just say it?what a lovely surprise!come on in. how are ya?i'm just wondering if my dad is here.yeah, your dad's here.uh, johnny?your kid's here.- does he wanna come in?- i don't think so.he doesn't wanna come in, okay.david, what're you doing here?i'm just wondering when you thinkwe're gonna have the check ready?well, this is not the time for that, david.okay, well, you gaveme this town as a gift,so i feel like i'm owed a little bit more.so fifty percent for me,fifty percent for you.david, i'm in the middleof something important.well, if i'm gonna be goingto new york, by myself,then i'm gonna need alittle bit more money.- well, that's not gonna happen.- well, it has to happen.- it's not gonna happen.- well, it has to...talk to the hand, son,because i've got to watch a pig eat.what did david want?as owner of the town, he wants half.- i tell you, joc, this freakin' delicious! mm!- everyone's so greedy.well, let me take your plates.okay, good.there you go.um, andy, you look a little dewy.- oh.- i'll get you some fresh coffee.oh, good idea.is it just me or is it this dessertthat's-that's making me horny?i think it's just you, andy.- oh.- you know what?i think i should let you guys do the nasty.andthen sign the contract!you! this guy! this guy!oh, he's a prince, isn't he?yeah, he's a prince. yup.okay, well... i thinkyou are getting bargain...- really?- with this, andy.and to make things easy,i'm going to uh... putmy signature down first.how 'bout that?$975,000 dollars! wow.that's a heck of a lot of cheddar!don't you think so, sweet cheeks?sweet cheeks? aren't youthe old fashioned charmer.oh! rrrow!ready for your signature, andy.drum roll please.you know, andy, $975,000suddenly seems like such a girly number.what are we doing, honey?i mean, a million...that's bold, that's sexy.that's quite thelittle lady you have there.you know, i think the little lady's right.what's an extra $25,000, andy?come on, it's chump change.it's cab fare. $25,000? for you?come on. you can cough it up.all right, let's call ita million! what the heck!yes! yes!there we go!just initial andsign on the dotted line.sign on...what's happening? what?oh my god! andy! andy!we had him, we had him. we had...okay, put the pen in hishand. sign! he was going to sign.- here we go, here we go.- he was going to sign!- you, sign!- andy?- he wanted to sign, john.- here we go.- he wants the town.- that's it, that's it. just on the line.what is happening here?!what? what happened? oh no! andy! what...circulation, johnny!circulation in his hand...circulation? he can'teven hold a pen, the poor guy.- there. he needs...- circulation.over the line, over the line.i'm gonna call an ambulance.what? no! wait!no, no, no, no! no, not yet!- look, he's looking better already.- wake up, andy!people do come out of comasoh, i'd kill fora good coma right now.- hey.- where were you?i was out. soi'm gonna go keep packing.wait.john? i don't have the heart.the deal fell through, honey.so when are we leaving?we're not leaving, alexis.we didn't sell.we're not leaving?oh...are you going to be all right?i'm pretty sure i'm engaged,and i'm pretty sure ijust cheated on my fiance.she'll be okay.where's your brother?who?david!- corrected by chriske -