as your publicist,it is my job to optimizea branded approachto real-time engagementwith your fanbasethrough contextual marketing.i hope i'm not paying youby the word.which is why i came upwith the ideationfor the following idea."crows.""movie.""premiere?!"they're doing a premiere?i thought it was streamingon interflix?


where are theythinking? i.? new york?london might be centralfor the bosnian team.no, they're not doinga premiere.alexis, your flip-chart says"premiere."okay, will you let me finishwhat i'm trying say?what're you trying to say?i'm sorry, why are you eveninvolved in this conversation?- what is it, alexis?!- oh my god, okay!so i thought because they'renot throwing a premiere,we could plan a premierescreening here in town.could be like a cutepress angle.oh, sure, for a scrappylittle novice,but not for someonewho's cut many a crimson rug.what's next, i sign my namein the pavement


outside bob's garage?jocelyn gives you anhonourary degree at her school?host the met ga-laat david's store?i don't like that one.no, i have like big plansfor an immersive experience.ronnie said that she can finda red carpet,and roland has a guywho rents out live crows.i think we should takethe lead from interflix.i cannot stop the masses fromgathering to view the film,but best... best to avoidany fulsome indecorumuntil we're assureda positive reaction.remember that "waterworld ii"premiere?exactly, david. oh, the lastplace anyone wanted to bewhen those reviews came inwas a glass-bottomed pirate shipin the middle of the ocean.mm.- good luck though.- lick rust! thank you!*schitt's creek*season 06 episode 05*schitt's creek*episode title: "the premiere"can't thank you enoughfor driving today, stevie.i don't know what is going onwith my car.i do. it's a death trap thatneeds to be set on fireand pushed off a cliff.well, i'd love to say i hada choice in the matter,but according to david,driving his fiancé to goget his wisdom teeth outis totally within my maid-ofhonour responsibilities.okay, tell mehow i'm being unreasonable?also, if this is what it takesto get you out of that danklittle apartment...excuse me, i have a businessmeeting this afternoon.just gonna leave it at that?mr. rose asked if he couldcome over to my place.i think he's gonna push for meto come back,and i don't knowif i can say no.and that's a bad thing?i'm supposed to be lookingfor other jobs.okay. honestly, stevie,what other job is betterthan owning your own business?i guess i just feel like aftermaking such a big deal out of...wanting to see what elseis out there,isn't it kind of... patheticto like... crawl back?don't answer that.i already turned down anotherjob interview today.maybe you just needed to seewhat you didn't wantin order to figure outwhat you do?look at me. two years ago,i thought i'd have a wifeand kid at this point.yeah, well,one out of two isn't bad.i've been told i'm...very young at heart.can you drive better,please?- hi.- uh-oh!hello, access hollywood?have i got a star sightingfor you!very pawky, jocelyn.i just heard the big news.a movie premierein our own backyard!i might have to buy a dress!uh... save yourselvesthe trip to frocks4less.from what i've heard,it's more of a minor leagueviewing party.well, i'm still excited.it reminds me of that time thatrenée zellweger's brothercame in here,and i got him to sign a menu.i mean, he spelledhis name differently,but i swear it was him.well, i don't know, moira,i'm no movie expert,but according to the earlyreviews,you may have a hiton your hands.- reviews?- yeah.there was an article postedon the crows accountthat you made us all follow.come look!ornithology today!well, if anyone knows crows..."the crows have eyes iiiis 'good fun.'"well, that's hyperbolic.i mean, they already had "fun"and now they'veadded "good."keep reading!"the film showcasesthe emotional depthand intellectual capacityof our oft-maligned friend,the crow."we were resolute about notmaking an issues movie,but i'm glad they picked upon that.it mentions you, moira.it does? where?my eyes are blurred.oh, here it is."moira rose,as dr. clara mandrake,is delightfully unhinged."do you know what they callthis, gals?an understated rave.oh, it's too bad you won't bethere tonight.it would've been niceto cheer you on.yeah, and my plus-one,janet from the elmdalechronicle,would've really loved a quote.well, you might want to tellyour friend janetthat there just may be abombshell attendee after all.yay! a premiere!oh, i don't know if i haveanything fancy enough to wear.oh, my default is alwaysformal,but i'm sure no one will bata side-eye at black-tie casual.oh, but do pack eyedrops!the film's first third isdensely packed with exposition,and you won't want to blink.are you sure it's okaythat we haven't seenthe first two movies?oh, it's actually best.a lot of this filmblatantly contradictswhat's been establishedin the first two.sorry, twyla.i'm not going to eat now!- okay, here we go.- that was a fun car ride.yes, it was very fun.thank you so muchfor all the hot tipsyou were giving our uber driver.for a second, i was concernedabout my rating,but i think he seemed to enjoyall the wrong directionsyou were yelling at him.david, i'm hungry.♪ i'm a hungry, hungry hippo'kay, we're not supposedto feed you right now.can you make me a lasagna,david?imagine?no.i think we rest thislittle voice,'cause you have been chattingever sincethe dentist's office.why are you so handsome?i mean, unless you wannakeep talking.in which case,that works as well.how come your skin is like...perfect.it's a nine-step regimeni do twice a day.- it's not a big deal.- i'm tired.oh, okay.well, you know what,we should probably get youover to the bed.o-kay.you know what i really wanna dowith you?uh-huh. ethically speaking,i don't think we can do thatwith you in this state.have a baby.'kay, we will make a babyas soon as you sober up.oh no, not make a baby.have a baby.like i wanna have likea little baby with you.and we could just love itand hold it and bounce it.yeah, that's a...that's a big one-eighty.- you would be such a good dad.- have we met?i wish you were my dad.okay, now we're justspiraling off- in all directions.- shh! listen, okay?come here, come here.i got a secret.- i don't...- come on.mm...david?i'm very hungry.okay, there's nothing i cando about that.- wait. just lie down with me.- okay.- i wanna, i wanna hold you.- mmhmm.imagine us right now,but just with a little baby.- hey, stevie!- hey...hey.- oh! what's this?- thank you.you didn't have to bringanything.oh, just a littlehousewarming platter,since it's my first time here.twyla whipped upsome sandwiches.- hope you like mayo.- thank you.wow, so this is,this is your place.i'm glad you didn't feelyou needed to clean upon my account,you know?it shows just how comfortablea friendship we actually have.- i did clean up.- right.that's... what i meant.you didn't feel the needto clean up,but i appreciate the fact that,uh, that you did.how are things at the motel?good. we bought the secondmotel!first phase of many inthe rosebud motel expansion.big things on the horizon,stevie,which is, uh, why i wantedto sit down with you today.but not on your bed.oh, here.right.so... stevie,it goes without saying that...you've been an invaluable partof the team.you don't need to sell meon the team, mr. rose.and when i was your age,i had a million and one ideasand things i wanted to explore,and i know it takes timeto find the right fit.which is why i have a proposal.oh! okay.i wanna buy you out.oh!now i know the motel has beena weight on your shoulders,and i can offer youinstallment paymentsto give up your status as owner.and that would give yousome financial stabilitywhile you take the timeand figure things out.i thought you were gonna tryto talk me into coming back.oh, no, no.that wouldn't be fair.wouldn't be fair to you.i'm not gonna stand in the wayof you findingwhat makes you happy.and, and speaking of,i wanted to give you this.oh, wow...i don't know what to say.well, once you get pastthe haircutand... the dated references,i'm sure you might findsomething useful in thereto help you get your footing.you don't have to downplayyour excitementon my account, stevie.i'll be just fine.okay, so i may have a problem.oh, it's barely noticeable,dear.we'll find you an electrologist.no, i'm talking aboutthe viewing party.i just got a callfrom the elmdale chronicle.ah yes, jocelyn's guest.we'll need to set asidean extra seat.okay, it's just that i knowthat you don't wanna makea big deal about of this,so i can just tell them not to come.i may have been wrong andyou may have been not wrong.we can position thisas a terrifying talepremiering in an equallyspine-chilling town.if the ornithologist reviewis any barometer, alexis,we m-m-m-m-m may just havea hit on our hands.um, last week,you told me explicitlythat this was not a premiere,and now it's too late.alexis, if you want to cutyour teethas a high-profile publicist,you'll need to get usedto throwing things togetherin a crunch.i have four hours!that's eons!when demi decidedon a friday night at 6pmthat she wanted to celebrateher 40th in aspen,her publicist had usin parkas by 7.sadly, megan went into cardiacarrest on the flight,but she perished doingwhat she loved.um, is that your gown?what is that for?oh, i thought i mightthrow it on for tonight.so you're going tothe screening?yes. a simple"thank you, mother"might be a nice place to start.also, i thought you returnedthat?i did! or i know i returneda dress.a glittering, backless thing.stella mccartney, i think.that was mine.i've been looking for that.- blame ups.- ugh!hey, alexis,this better be good.i was in the middle ofa pre-show bath,and with the baby around,i only get that kindof me-time maybe...- five to six nights a week, so...- mmhmm.i assume this has somethingto dowith all the callswe're getting from tv stations,asking where they can parktheir vans?um, yeah. so the premiere maybe gettinglike a little bit biggerthan i had- planned.- oh, sanp!it's a premiere now?'cause first you said it was,and then you said it wasjust a viewing party.yeah, and, and if it's apremiere, we're all in trouble,because my skinny jeansare in the wash.no, it is a premiere.unfortunately, that decisionwas made like half an hour ago,so it would be really helpfulif i could just tell youwhat i need.oh no, the red carpet thatyou told me not to order?yes, but at this point,i will settle for any shadeof red,and it doesn't have to besixty feet.okay, good,'cause all i've gotis a 20-foot merlotin my garage.i ripped out after the churchbasement flooded.that sounds amazing.and obviously you're comingto me for a little star power.i get it. it'd be good to havea name there tonight.no. no. you're the crowhook-up.i wanted to create likea headline-grabbing momentwhere i release a bunch of crowsjust before the movie starts.uh, excuse me,it's a little late notice.what about the liquor license?'cause i assuming people aregonna wanna be drinkingthrough this thing.okay, we have a situationon our handsthat needs to be solved now.we have a 12-time daytime emmyaward-attending actresscoming to walk a merlot carpetin hours,and press coming from all over,bringing attention to your town.so either you can help me outor i pull the plug nowand nobody wins.fine. but you owe me a primespot on that carpet.wait, you wanna walkthe carpet?honey, it's a movie premiere,is it not?- ugh.- and i assume the mayoris walking the carpet as well,yes?yes... if he has to.okay, i will schedule yourarrival time when i get home.i would like to requesta time before roland.- and i'd like to go first.- mm-'kay.all right, i better get backand put my skinny jeansinto the dryer.i think they're really gonnapop on your 20-foot merlot.i think so too!they're gonna pop onthat carpet.okay. mm!okay.okay.stevie! perfect timing.i was having a technical issueopening a file here.it's, uh, being finicky.uh, remember, mr. rose?i left you a sticky note.ah! boy, it's times like thisi really miss having youaround, stevie.well, um, that's kind of whati wanted to talk to you about,mr. rose.um, you knowhow you told meto take some timeand figure out what made mehappy?well, i think i have settledon something.is it larry air?'cause they called mefor a reference,and also asked if i had anyinterest in becoming a pilot.no, it's not larry air.so chapter one of your bookis all about trustingyour instincts,and i haven't been doing that.oh, well, that's okay, stevie.i mean, learning to trustyour instinctsis something that comeswith age and experience.no. i'm talking abouttrusting your instincts.i think i've been taking themfor granted.so, you read my book?most of the first chapter.i didn't sleep well last night,so i kind of dozed off.well, the first chapter ismore of an introduction, right?setting the table.'kay, but what i've realizedis that you've given methe opportunityto take this joband run with it.so, if you really thinkyou can make somethingout of franchising this motel,i think i want to be part of it.you think?i wanna be part of it.i want back in.oh!yeah.well, i... should probablytell youthat you don't necessarily haveto trust all my instincts...all the time.since you've been gone,i did have to bring ona third business partner,and i may as well tell youthat it's...roland. i know.he gave me his new businesscard.never saw so many typoson a business card.do you mind if we don't talkabout roland right now,'cause i'm feeling really goodabout this decision.ah! yeah, me too, partner.me too.listen, while you're here,i'm wondering if i can geta couple more refresherson... what happens afterthe file gets opened?uh... you may as well.yeah.morning, sunshine.mm. it's 5pm.but good morning.i really don't rememberhow i got into this bed.i do.you were talking.- a lot.- uhoh.- what was i saying?- well,the conversation really ranthe gamut.you complimentedmy flawless skinand called me the jewishchanning tatum,which all tracks.but then you told meyou wanted us to have a baby.what else did i say?i put you to sleep after that.wait. are you,are you joking?no. no, no.you held me closeand told me to envisionour lives...with a child.- i see.- mm-hm.that, uh, that must'vebeen scary for you.it was a little triggering.traumatizing.david, i know that you don'twant kids,and that's fine with me,okay?i was very high on anesthetic.okay, it's just that earliertoday,when we were in stevie's carbecause your car's alwaysin the shop,you had mentioned that you'dalways pictured yourselfhaving a kid.you've never picturedyourself doing something- that didn't end up happening?- of course.i'm not marriedto christina aguilera, am i?- david, i am happy...- but it's...with the life i've got.i'm happy with you.things change.okay.you're a hundred percent sureyou're not just sayingyou don't wanna have a kid,but, in actuality,you secretly doand are repressing that needjust for me?i don't wanna underminethe significanceof this conversation,but i do wanna make it knownthat i was watching"bridget jones's baby"right before i went under.okay, well that makesa little more sense then.mm. you would be a great dad,though.okay.you have a big old heartin there, david.- yeah. yeah,- there it is.- it's beating away.- mmhmm?um... can you grab methose painkillers, please?i think i'm gonna needa few of themif we're still planning onmaking itto your mom's thing tonight.okay, that's actuallya very good idea.i might take one myself.apparently the first 15 minutesare very, very dense.moira! over here!moira! moira!well, break a leg, sweetheart.i'll be right here...10 feet behind you.no, john, tonight is special,and i'd like my hand-candyby my side.- moira!- oh.moira!okay, people, we actuallyneed to walk the carpet, okay?move it along.ronnie? look, we had a deal.also, not everyone can be onthe carpet at once.thank you.when exactly are we gonna getthis show on the road?as soon as you're offthe carpet.okay, because carmineis sayingthat the crows are gettingrestless.mm!where did all these peoplecome from?why are your pupilsso dilated.- no, yours are.- no, yours are.why are you dressedlike a limo driver?your mother insisted.why are you both glassy eyed?what?wow!so the crows are ready.you just say a few words,and then give carminethe signal.alexis,mommy's home now.i'll take it from here.ladies and gentlemen,it is my great pleasureto welcome youto a north americanscreening of...the psychological thriller...move it along."the crows have eyes iii:the crowening!"let the crowening commence!oh!alexis!- oh ho!- no!please, everyone staycalm!whatever you do,do not look them in the eye!okay, you're making themangrier!i'm not, alexis!i know a bit of their language.caw!caw-caw!this is fucked.the worst part is people arebeing robbed of the experienceof seeing the filmon the big screen.no, that's not the worstpart, moira.it's fine. there were noserious injuries,and, because people arewatching from home,there'll be more views that way.okay, have you seen this yet?some random news station justposted video of the premiere.it's been shared 32,000 times.well, all press is goodpress, right?you might wanna watch itfirst.tonight, a murderof wild crows attackedwould-be audience memberswho had come to see a movieabout a crow attack.we must warn you,the following content is pretty graphic.oh!okay, they weren't"wild" crows.they were supposed to betrained.trained! some of them werepainted seagulls.this is not good, alexis!it sorta looks like peopleare running awayfrom your movie, moira.you! lookwhat you have done!look what i've done?this was your idea,and now i have to pay ronniefor damage to her carpet!what were the crows evendoing there in the first place?it's called an immersiveexperience, david!immersed in lawsuits maybe.alexis, make it stop!synchronized by srjanapala