oh yeah! yeah. yeah.could you spare some a...oh my go-oh my god!- david!- where's my robe?!oh my god. oh my god.oh my god.oh my god, what's happening?i saw hell is what's happening.oh my god.what?- oh my god.- david,what you just sawwas your mother and me...- i know what i saw.- having an intimate moment.- i cannot unsee that!- oh my god, you poor thing!


okay, and irefuse to feel guiltyabout being in bed with my wife.- ew! ew! ew!- i hate to be the one to tell you,but having sex is not justabout making childrenso they can grow up and makeyou feel bad about having sex.oh my god,can you stop this please?!i will not be shamed.shame on you.shame on you forattempting that positionat 8 o'clock in the morning.- john?- you know what?- oh my god.- do you know how difficult it is for usto share a wall with you two?- i do now.- yes, well, if you don't mind,we are now going backinto our room


and don't even thinkabout opening that door!- are you serious?- next time.oh my god.no, no, no...s01e05the cabinroland, i justneed the door fixed.- mm-hmm?- okay?my family can't keep livinglike this.my wife and i,we have no privacy.okay, all right.i get what this is about.you and the wife wanna bumpthe old uglies, huh?i have no idea what that means.having a little problem down therebelow there, johnny boy, huh?no, there's no problem, roland,i just need the locks fixed!it's okay, i get it.i get it, captain.you've been a out to seafor a whileyou wanna bring the boatinto portand maybe...get your mast scrubbed.what're you guys down to now?like... twice a day?okay, this is a conversation youand i will never have, all right?i just need the door fixed.well, how 'bout i do youone better?we got a cabin up by the lake.it's just a little love nestfor the lady and me.you know, when we wanna sparkthe old spark from time to time.my gift to you and yoursfor the night.so generous,but i'm gonna take a pass.- hey, johnny.- jocelyn?- how are you?- uh, good. good.sex life's in the crapper.i just offered him the cabin.that is so not true.- i knew something was wrong.- n-nothing is wrong.you should take the cabin.i wouldn't wanna see yourrelationship get any worse.no, our relationship is fine.it's just a privacy issue...johnny, johnny, comeon, come on, come on, come on.take the cabin, okay?and feel free to usethe restraints.- we keep 'em under the bed, so...- thank you. thank you.- pick a safe word.- mm.i, for one, think we shouldtake them up on their offer.i can't believewhat i'm hearing here.we're talking aboutroland's place.who knows what the hellwe're gonna find up there?well, we can't shareany real intimacy herein this internment camp, john,and i don't want to turninto my parents.separate beds, separate rooms.well, separate countries.exactly! a bad marriage!hey, if you're willing to givethis a shot, i'm game.- you're game.- yeah.okay. i'll play.actually, i have a good feelingabout this, john.you know, i'm starting toget a pretty good feeling myself.are you?oh my god! am i beingpunished for something?david, are you dirtypeeping tom?i don't' think parenting books wouldapprove of you saying that to me.i'm here to grab a magazine,and go back and leave you guysto whatever disgusting...- stay.- stick around, stick around.- alexis?- alexis!they're done!your father and i havesome very important news.if you tell methat you're pregnant,i'm gonna vomiton this floor right now.- oh, can you imagine?- we're planning a trip.- okay.- just to a cabin, overnight...and we requestthat the two of younot try to contact usfor the next 24 hours.i really appreciate youdoing that for me.i'm doing it for us.well, it's to my benefit.um, why don't you guysstay at the cabin for longer?oh, i would never justabandon you twoin a motelin the middle of nowhere.didn't you once take thewrong baby home from preschool?alexis looked chineseas an infant.how many timesmust i defend myself?so we're good then? thank you.- no, thank you.- no, thank you.- honestly, thank you.- enough, david!thank you so much for theloan of your cabin and your truck.looks like you folksgot a lot of gear here, huh?is that the tickle trunk?it's just clothes.yeah, okay,but just keep in mindthere's only 60 ampservice there,so don't be pluggin' a lotof gadgets in all at once,if you know what i mean.yet another disturbing lookinto his world.all right, directions.super easy, johnny.here's what i want you to do.okay, i want you take highway 10to loon lake road north, okay?i want you to takea right there.there's gonna be a splitin the fence,i want you to go leftat that split, and keep going.go through the intersectionof loon lake road south, okay?and then you're gonna findpine road.now you go up pine road,i want you take a rightat that big oak tree, all right?it's old, it's big,you can't miss it.you go down the hill to the leftand we're the third cabinon the right, okay?the key's under the mat.- got it.- really?key is under the mat.so i think i'm gonna gonext doorbecause your messis making me anxious.what mess?you know how clean myapartment was in new york.it was so clean.it was really clean.well, it was very cleanbecause you had a maidto keep it very clean for you.no. i kept it cleanafter cecilia cleaned.anyway, i think it's best if wejust take some space and um...i am looking forwardto sleeping in a bedthat his not...made for a toddler.okay. i'll just chill herein my own space and...yeah.maybe i'll do amask or something and...check in with myselfand see how i'm doing...okay, so we're good?- yeah.- okay. see you tomorrow.okay.i'm out of mask.i was so bored in there!i'm sorry to hear that.okay, so i think that we shouldtake advantage of mom and dad being gone.i am.okay, but likethrowing a party or something.no. absolutely not.just a tiny, little,casual motel party.okay, alexis, i have nointerest in finding outwhat types of people are attractedto "casual motel parties."but you do have aninterest in lounging on a bedthat mom and dadhave had sex all over?why would you dothat to me right now?david, i just... i miss my life!and i miss doing things.and i miss being surroundedby loose acquaintanceswho think that i'm... funny,and smart, and charming.will you? just a few people.please. you can't tell methat you don't wanna hang outwith people other than me.- obviously.- okay, so...?- okay, fine. something small.- yes!like a little games night.yes, like a small,little games night party.no. like a little games nightperiod.okay, fine. and then, if itturns into something else,it turns into something else.well, it won't 'cause there'sonly six people invited.any more and game playgets too yelly.it gets very yelly.okay, this party is gonna be...- it's not a party.- awesome!- it's not a party.- so. much. fun!i'm so excited!hey, not bad!rustic but nice, huh?the great outdoors, moira.i am shocked and delighted.yes. i have to sayi was nervous about this,but i've gotta hand itto roland, he came through.he's moron!key's under the mat, is it?the key is under the mat!agh! that's great!lying son-of-a...agh! idiot man!moron!ha! oh, good.- john?!- yeah! coming, honey!i'm coming.well hellooooo.oh, my car broke downand it's raining,and i wonderedif i might spend the night.well, first let's get youout of those... dry clothesand we'll see wherethe night takes us.so i need to fleshout this games night thing.between you and my sister,and the barn guy and that girlin the restaurant, we have 5,and obviously we need an even 6for ultimate game play.well, what ifi'm not a games person?we're far too similarfor you not to be, so...options, please.obviously they needto be funny, and smart,and have well-roundedsense of humourand a wide range of knowledge.oh, all those types of peoplemove away from here.- that's funny.- no, i'm serious.- ooh, what about eric?- hmm?he finished high school.i don't love his look.oh, looks are important? oh...why don't we throw a pageant?trust me, if i had time,we would, but we don't, so...what about sarah?she's cute and speaks english.hmm? mm...she get it?- get what?- like "get it" get it. it, like the vibe.understand that games nightneeds to run a certain way,otherwise it won't work.can i be on your team?you sound really fun.listen, you don't have tohelp me out if you don't want to.- i can find someone else.- really?- mm-hmm.- okay.- well, it's-okay.- have fun.- okay.- my money's on the other team.hi.can i help you?yeah, i just uh...came to apologize.for what?for uninviting youto games night.you did not uninvite me.i uninvited myself.mm-hmm. okay, well, um...i would really like itif you cameand i would really love itif you could bring...one other personof your choosing.so it doesn't matterif they don't blend?m-mm-mm.and this doesn't have anythingto do with the factthat you couldn't findanybody else to come?no. what? no. i...you are a very bright,funny person,with a wide rangeof useful knowledgeand the fact thatwe don't have an ideal numberfor team style game-play,is not... not why i'm here.you're such a liar.and i was bluffingwhen i said i wasn't coming.i just wanted to see you beg,so...- okay.- i'll put out some feelers,but, you know,such short notice,all the town hottieswill have plans.i'll see you tonight!yeah, thanks.- thank you.- welcome.this place is almost charming.very rustic cottage.i was half expectingearly unibomber.oh, look!roland and jocelyn.who are the other two?well, that's bob.he's on the town council.and his partner?roland has gay friends!again, shocked and delighted.i think that's his wife.no, they'reboth called husband.look at the them smiling away.what have they got to beso happy about?well, they have no money issues.that's why they're so happy.yeah, they just don't knowany better.so, eric,how do you know stevie?she used to be my babysitter.great. wow. okay.and how are your...trivia skills?- my what?- oh my god.okay. good choice. good choice.you guys came. together.that's so cute! come in!twyla, you look amazing!mutt, you look likea mill dollars.okay, so i broughtthis pie from workbut on the way, i realizedi didn't check what kindso there's a 50/50 chancethere's meat in it.oh my god, that's so cute.thank you.okay, so it's 8:15.it's 8:15.we should have started at 8.so... fifteen minutes late,let's sit down and i will...explain the game.and i would just like tothank everybody so much for coming.this is the first social thingthat i've donein like a really long time,so let's just have so much funand we'll just seewhere the night takes us.well, it'll take us to a threepart games night that ends at 10.okay, well, we'll see.- okay, so let's start.- okay.let's start by puttingdown 10 famous namesonto the pieces of paperin front of you.i don't think i can fit tennames on this piece of paper.that's funny. that's funny.no. one per piece of paper.ten pieces of paper, ten names.- who should i put down?- i can't tell you that, eric,'cause that would wreckthe game.so then how doi know what to put?- oh my god.- relax.can you put yourself down?oh, okay, who wants a shot?because i do.no, we need to finishputting the names down first.who's that?okay, i may or may nothave invited a few other people.- what kind-who?- i don't know. i met them on the way home.- hey!- hey.- how are you?- good, good.- good. hey!- hey, kids.stevie... mutt... twyla.- hey, dane.- who the... bleep... is this?he's the worst, okay?so just breathe through it.hi. david rose.oh... 'kay.so we have split into teams and that'san odd number, so we're... stuck.no worries. we're here forthe party. keg's in the truck.what kegs? no one ordered a keg.david, can you pleasenot be rude in front of...- dane.- dane?- so now what?- oh, god!in the bowl, eric.put them in the...- wow.- yeah.i can't see out of one eye.but i'm still alive,that's the main thing.i'm hungry.should i go get...no! no. you don't have to get anything.i will get some food,i will get the wine.you... have done morethan enough.oh good, you're done.we uh... we didn't wannainterrupt.what're doing here?oh, just finishing off thelatest harold zable novel.- you ever read him?- how long have you been here?quite a while.yeah, you seemed to have a littletrouble there, getting going.and, uh, well, we uh...we didn't think you neededthe extra pressure on you, so...oh, hi! you're good.and you are?i'm bob, thisis my wife gwen,and, uh, this is our cabin.oh, no, no, no. thisis roland and jocelyn's cabin.no, they're amile up the road.big tree, a fence.you can't miss it.she died! she's a dead person!- marilyn monroe!- no! she helps people!- oprah.- calcutta! calcutta!- calcutta! the lepers!- she's the mother... she's a mother...it's not your turn, alexis!- princess diana.- no! she's...the lepers incalcutta, she helps them.- lepers! lepers!- there's all these lepers.stop yelling at her though!it's the point ofthe game is the yell!she's a motherand has your cousin's name.teresa?- mother teresa!- yes!you can't say mother!you can't say mother!- she wasn't getting it.- that's the point!anyway, no points for them.we have to start this again.- this party's terrible.- excuse me?okay, so then, hey, whydon't we do something else,like a drinking game.no! absolutely not!every time the vein in my brother'seye twitches, we take a drink.why would you bring up myeye in front of all these people?- who is that?!- calm down.dane thought he should just inviteover a few more of his friends, so...- oh, did he?- yeah.who's up for strip poker?okay, you know what?i'm out. no, that's it.i'm gonna call it a night.i'm gonna pack it in.eric, don't look at my eye!why are you beingsuch an old woman?i'm sorry that i wantedto have fun tonightand invite a few random guys over andtry and make out with them, okay?you're not the only onedying in this town.it is boring and i am justtrying to make the best of it.i'm really sorry everybody.no offense, okay?i'm well-versedin family conflict...i'm sure you are. alexis?if you want to party,have a party.but i have a queen bednext door with my name on itand i have been looking forward tosleeping in that bed all day, so...maybe we should go.no. you know what, guys?it's totally fine.david, i would love it if youwould come and party with us,but it's totally up to you.and i'm totally gonna go.so everybody have a good night.i don't know who you are!dane, put that downand get off my bed!no one on my bed tonight.and don't-no one throw up!so his eye twitched five times,so drink up, bitches!- all right!- woo!shots! all right.ready and...and once again, my apologies.and i'm sorry, i don'tknow how to make a bed.and i may havedamaged your corkscrew, bob.you broke it in half.okay, the door, it won't open.the door won't open.- it's locked.- oh, it's locked.what do you want from us?yes, it's... it'slocked to prevent strangersfrom coming into the cabin.see, uh, we didn't realizethat, uh, strangerswould already be in the cabinwhen we locked it.i see. oh. okay.bye!- there we go.- thank you. bye.you've been consummatehosts, really. fantastic day.hey, mutt, can youpass me a drink? um...- sorry. hey!- hi!here's the thing.um, i'm sorry that you andyour sister are in a domestic,and i'm sorry thati invited eric.that joke was funnier in theory.bad joke.but i'm gonna need youto come back in there.why?because i don't reallylike most of those peopleand, believe it or not,we are in the middleof a very intense gameof drunken charadesand my team is losing. badly.well, that's not reallymy thing.it's not my thing either,but you were right;we're way too similarand i am havinga very hard time losing, so...i will happily let youget back to this big queen bedif you'll just help us wina few more rounds.just need somebody sober.- i can't...- please.go back in there.it's embarrassing.they are way too drunkto remember.just two winning roundsand then it's over.then you can go backto your book.- fine. fine. two rounds.- you can go back to sleep.- quick. quick rounds.- thank you.- fine.- thank you.and just don't lookat the stain on your bed,and we'll mimesomething special.- what stain?- uh...you're lucky i'mgood at this game.- yes! a mexican...- just get this one!are you sure you don't want tocall a tradesman or someone, john?moira, i don't need a tradesman.i can handle a screwdriver,okay?this is working out just...fine.and... that... is... in.look at this.instant lock.yes, let me tell you, eddie.you look awfully goodin that blue collar.well,thank you very much, mrs. rose.i don't often get complimentswhen i'm fixing doors.oh, edward,i'm afraid i must tell you,i shan't be able to payyou today.well, that's okay, mrs. rose.maybe there's um...some other way you can pay me,if you get my drift.did you take my mask?thank you.well, maybei'll use a bigger screw, mrs. rose.don't you go anywheres.i'll be right here, eddie.