- immigration?- revenue.missus rose! there are peoplehere from the government!i've been gutted!john, i've been strippedof every morsel of pleasurei earned in this life!well, how do you think i feel, moira?!eli was family, for god's sake!leave your finances to me,he said! son of a bitch!baby, it's crazy, people are just like,taking our stuff!i said, they're taking our stuff!


can you just step out ofthe club for a second, ple...hold on, hold on! thosebags are not for you,my boyfriend bought those for me,so, theoretically, they are his!please sir, can you step aside?no, you step aside! you step aside!i'm still trying to wrap my mind aroundwhat kind of a sickperson wants to get paidto destroy another person's life!destroy another person's life!where are you taking that?!my very soul has been kidnapped,there's no ransom, noone's coming to save me!we've got 15 minutes tocollect our personals,


- can we pick up the pace?!- no, no!did you put kristen with robin?they don't like each other!nooooo! nooooo!eli really did a number, johnny.he took everything.they're still looking for him,they think he's in the caymans.he was our business manager,he's supposed to pay taxes!hmm.there is a very smallamount set aside for you,and one asset the governmenthas allowed you to retain.the kids.the children are dependents, moira.you bought a small town in 1991, johnny.yes, i bought that as a joke for my son.wait, you actually purchased that town?yes, i purchased the town,how else could i get the deed?- you could've photo shopped the deed!- and saved the money!why would i photoshop a deed,the joke was owning the town!- okay, stop.- that was the joke!- oh my god!- well, that was the joke!to johnny's credit...this town just might be yoursaving grace, at least for a while.what do you mean?you can live there for next to nothing,until you get back on your feet.i'm sure there's apenthouse we can move into,please, there are other options.well, homelessness is still on the table.the whole time i was surroundedby old women wearing visors,who smelled like yams!there was nowhere to lie down!there was nowhere to liedown, there was no bed!there was no kitchen.i know!no.i don't know what totell you, there's like,cows all over the place, like, everywhere.i don't know if there's even a station,i don't know what's happening!johnny rose!roland schitt.oh, you're the mayorwe're supposed to meet.that's right, i'm the mayor,so if you're looking foran ass to kiss, it's mine!oh, this is my family, my son...let's get you all squared awayin the office there, johnny,okay, the gals can grab the bags,you follow me, all right, right this way,watch it, honey, here we come.the "cheaters" marathonwe watched, it's like that.children, keep an eye on these bags.apparently in hell, there's no bellman!- david, what are we...- shut up!- you shut up!- you shut up!- um, you shut up!- you shhhut up!the name is rose.i don't see a reservation under that name.it's okay, stevie, i setaside two rooms for them.well, there's nothing here.well okay, fine, justbook 'em in with two rooms,these people own thetown; they're big deals.we'll need three rooms, minimum.ooh, no can do, honey.look, we have a one room comp policy here,and i am personally throwing in anextra room out of sheer decency, so...what about suites? do youhave a couple of suites?this guy!um...no, this is a motel,so we cater more to off roadtruckers and drunk teenagers.please, someone justgive me a key, to a door,to a room any room! i just want a bathtub,and a long extension cord, please.there you go, ma'am.it smells like a gym bag.does anyone else feel light headed?oh my god, this takesme back to high school.you know, i did the deed in justabout every room in this place.yep, if a forensic team came in herewith one of those blue lights,this place would just light up!okay, that's good.- ew! ew! ew! ew! ew!- oh my god. oh my god!oh hey, chief, the otherroom's right through there.here you go.and there's the bed,i should probably pull offthat cover, and... burn it.all right.good, roland, thank you verymuch, appreciate everything, uh...... have a ball in the land down under!ever wanna ride a kangaroo?okay.okay.- okay.- oof!okay, okay.okay, okay, okay.okay. okay.okay. okay!okay. okay. i love you!oh, okay, well, it lookslike you got all the channelsexcept for channel 19 forsome reason. i don't know why.well, the thing is we won't bewatching a lot of television,but again, thank you,i don't want to keep you,i know you're a busy man.whoa!hi.can i help you?i'm looking for an extra towel, okay...and this might be a stupid question,considering the stateof the rugs in our room,but do you have a business centre here?yes, we do have a business center.you can find it right outsidethe doors to your left,right beside the hammam spa.would you like me to book youa treatment while you're at it?thank you, no, just the towel, thanks.i'll get those right out.well roland, once again,thank you for giving usthe lay of the land here,but we have some serious unpacking to do.- oh, sure!- if you don't mind.no problem there, johnny,i don't mind helpin' out.listen, one thing before i go here, um...do you mind if i use your toilet?is it absolutely necessary?uh, yeah, i would sayit's absolutely necessary!excuse me.absolutely necessary.yes, that train has left the station,if you know what i mean!- i need that bed.- why?- because i need it.- why?because if someone were to break in herein the middle of thenight wanting to murder us,they would attack this bed first,so i need this bed.so you're saying that youwant me to get murdered first?!in front of you? andthen what would you do?would you just run awayand leave me to bleed out...on the floor?!uh, sort of, that was the plan, yeah.okay. well, you can havethe bed when i leave.well, where are you going?stavros is flying in toget me, i told you that.what do you mean stavros is com...what do you mean? when?when is he doing that?like, whenever stupid mary-katestops hogging his plane.well, where are we going?okay, at present, he's just coming for me,but then i figured thatwe would just come backand grab you guys at some point.what kind of sociopath abandons herfamily in some vomit soaked dump,to gallivant around the worldwith her dumb shipping heir loser boyfriendshe's known for three months?!um, david, it will befour months next month!oh my god!and he just told me that hecould potentially see himselfconsidering saying "i love you"at some point sometime soon, so...that's the stupidest thing i've ever heard.i'm telling mom. i'm tellingmom and dad, have you told them?no! no david, i'm waitingfor the right opportunity.okay, otherwise dad's gonna cry,and mom's gonna do that thingwhere she pretends that nothing's wrong,and then just doesn'ttalk to me for five months,and i don't want that.well, i need this bed! i need it, so.you know what, david?!you get murdered first for once!no, you get murdered first!david, you get murdered first!no, you! you do it!yes, you get murdered first!david, you get murdered first!i actually think this place is kinda cute.did you say cute?no alexis, martha stewart'shampton home is cute.where's that weird man?where?he's in the bathroom.he... he won't leave!well, he's been in therefor a very long ti...oh my god! oh my god!jeez. um... boy.remind me to get that window fixed.it will not open.roland, listen, thank you very much,but i appreciate everything you've done,we need a little privatetime now, as a family.sure, well actually, thosecurtains do close there so...oh, look! you've got channel 19!roland, could you get the fuck out?!this latest model is arevelation in innovation.i am not lying folks, it'sgonna last you a lifetime.you are gonna thank...that was an overreaction.that was uncalled for.it's just... you know,we're a little tired,it's been a long day,there's a pharmacy worthof drugs wearing offon most of us right now,and i just think as a family,we just need a little time to chill.johnny, please, youdon't have to apologize,and you really don't haveto hit me over the headwith this sort of thing, i get it,you need your little familytime and all that, i'm sure.no problem.you know what i'll do, i'll um...i'll just get the fuck out of here.ugh, we have to eat in here?!i think it's kinda sweet.alexis, what's going on with you?- what do you mean?- seriously?!the room was "cute," this place is "sweet."i am personally offended by this place,i don't know what youthink is nice about it.the town is disgusting. it is gruesome.it is charming, it is quaint,it's like out of a storybook.alexis, what the hellis the matter with you?!okay... stavros is flying in to get me,and i am going to go livewith him for a little bit.well, that is not happening.and i am appalled that my baby girlhas turned into aselfish, duplicitous whore!oh, hello!hi, i'm twyla. i'll be your waitress today.anyway, i read about you guys,and everything you've gonethrough, it sounds super crappy.super crappy?i had a second cousin in elmdalewho did telemarketing,he made a ton of money.it turns out his entirebusiness was illegal,and he lost everything.hm... not quite the same.yeah, no, he went to prison,which is terrible, but...but he is learningspanish, no mas, le duele!i think it means, "stop, it hurts."oh, wonderful anecdote.could you give us a moment please?whenever you're ready,i'm just right over here.i forbid you to abandon our family.i am a grown woman, mother.this is an act of a spoiled child!i think it's unforgivable!i think that you're just super jealous,'cause i'm getting out of here!also, you have a big thingof dandruff on your eyebrow.- don't do that!- kids, stop, stop!the world is falling apart around us john,and i'm dying inside.well, i'm feeling a little queasy myself.oh, brisket!- give me... some spale!- david!john...- oh my god!- umm...these rooms did have doors, didn't they?yeah, it's a hotel, they're hotel rooms!it's a motel! these are motel rooms.what if they took our stuff?!what stuff? there's no stuff to take.i have stuff!son of a bitch!yeah, i've got a problem.if this is about doors...yeah, it's about doors,yeah, my doors are gone,my front door, somebody stole my doors!yeah, you're gonna have totalk to roland about that.he lives just down the street,you make a left out of the moteland then another left.it's a house with a truck in the driveway.there's a bumper stickerof a naked helen mirren.oh my god, no! no! no!- what?!- ah! my earrings! they were there.- they're not there!- where did they go?i don't know!i don't know! first youthreatened to abandon me,and now my precious diamonds are gone!okay, you are super dramatic right now.shut up and look for them!get open!roland, i see you behind the truck!yeah, of course you see me.i'm looking at my gravel.gravel these days, what are you gonna do?- yeah, it's gravel.- yeah, it's gravel!hey, good news for you.i talked to a guy aboutthat bathroom window.that's the least of my concerns right now!oh really? well, why don'twe address your concerns?!the doors! i want my doors back!- oh!- before it gets dark!my son is afraid of moths.oh, hmm. well, here's thething about that johnny,you see, you did a bad thing.you disrespected me infront of your family!and now they think less of me.i doubt that's possible.and to be honest, you werekinda breathing down our necksa little bit back at the motel.johnny, when i was a kidand i did a bad thing,my father took the doors off my room.and he said to me,"roland, privacy is earned."i am having a tough time following that.what the hell does thathave to do with privacy?nothing. i just got mad,and i took your doors.look, if you tookoffense to anything i saidback at the motel, justknow it wasn't personal.all right, apology accepted.well, that was less of an apology,and more of an explanation.nevertheless, i accept your apology.which it wasn't!so thank you again for that apology.well, there was no apology,and i can't do this anymore!you said you're sorry in avery sweet and humble way,and that takes a big man to do that,and that's what johnnyrose is! a big man! ooh!oh!hello! hello!hi, hello, come here, please.i don't suppose you sawany hobos or crackheadsloitering around the hotel today?no crackheads, no...while the rooms were exposed tothe world like a moroccan fair,someone got in here and stole my earrings.but it was just... but itwas just you here today.- it was.- it was.i'm assuming you were the onlyone here on the premises today?i think i know whereyou're going with this.no, i'm simply confirmingthat you alone were herewhen the earrings were stolen.are you asking me if i stole your earrings?no, i would never, please!but i also would certainlynever press chargesif my earrings weresuddenly to be returned.if they suddenly reappeared,if you gave them back iwould not press charges,i would look the other way.okay, you know what? i gotta run.'cause i wanna hit thepawn shop before it closes.i owe my crack dealer a ton of money, so.you seem like you havethis under control, though.what just happened?!david, i politely asked that concierge girlif she had stolen my earrings,and she turned ice cold,and now she's on her way to a pawn shop!what?! i need a towel!hello, hi.hi, i am sorry if my mom accused you- of taking something.- it's fine.okay, but does this mean thatwhen you're cleaning our rooms,you're gonna put weird stuff inour beds out of spite, or something?i won't be cleaning your room.okay, can i ask you a question?shoot.i think you're kind of rude!is that a question?i have asked you thrice now for a towel,so that i may wash this town off my body.do you think i wanna be here?do you think i wanna be here?!i don't know what you want,you've given me one wordanswers since i got here!so if i get you a towel you'llstop following me to my car?yes! yes!fine, but i'm only doing thisbecause you called me rude,and i take that as a compliment.the man is a lunatic!what the hell happened here?we've been robbed.right now some local ispawning my earrings for crank.- your diamonds?!- yes, my diamonds,the one thing i could hide under my tongue.moira, i took your earrings out of here,and i put them in my shoe. for safekeeping.no! no!stavros just texted me.and he ended it, he's not coming!he said he doesn't havetime to come and get me,because he already rsvp'dto diddy's white party,and doesn't have time to do both!but i was supposed to behis date to the white party!alexis, he was never my favourite stavros.i've hated that guy ever since he asked meto do lines with him at my sixtieth.just out of sheer curiosity,um, where do you stand nowon whether or not youthink this motel is cute?like, is it still cute, or is it...you're a dick, david!oh, i'm a dick!okay, did i dump you for a party?!david, help me with the doors.no i can't, i just got out of the shower.- i need help with the doors.- oh my god!david, help him with the doors!- you help him with the doors!- no!david, could you help me with the doors?!it's air drying!pick up a hammer, andnail this coffin shut!as if i didn't see this coming.he's broken up with me five times already.like, there was that timethat he never met me in rio,and remember that time that he gave mehis ex wife's engagement ring?and then, last summer,that time that he left his mollyin my glove compartment,and then i got arrested?oh my god! can you do me a huge favour?and never repeat this toanyone that you respect, okay?- okay? okay.- okay.kids, we just came in to say good night,and to remind you that wewill get through this...- okay, good night!- as a family...warmest regards to you both.and that will end upon our feet in no time!of course, by then ourfeet will be shoeless,and filthy and mangled,from walking on cigarettebutts and broken beer bottles.so, seriously alexis, enough about stavros!i'm sorry if i am goingthrough something right now!you're going through something?!- good night, children.- good night!- good night.- good night.let's all pray we don't wake up.