schitt's creek - s03e10"sebastien raine"family! i have exciting news!oh good. david, i hoped you were home.thanks.you're aware of the extraordinary workof new york-basedphotographer sebastien raine?you mean my ex?when did you date sebastien raine?they dated for like a month and a halfand david got very upset about it.okay, it was almost three months.


four, if you include the monththat he was seeing other people.and you met him through me.that's nonsense.i met sebastien raine atan art opening years ago.at my gallery.and can you please stopsaying his full name.he's a monster, who uses people,- and leaves them for dead.- yeah.i hate to play contrarian,david, but the times and i,both consider sebastienraine a dear friend.remember when he dumped you?and you ate all those mall pretzels,and watched "bridget jones's diary"


every day for a year.it wasn't a whole year,and i will not feel shameabout the mall pretzels.okay, that's enough news for today.ummm no, what about him?he's coming here.what? wha... why?sebastien raine wants tocollaborate on a project.with me.and you know hiscommitment to his work.he's willing to come all the way here.when flying me to newyork would be a lot easier.and a welcome escape.but sebastien raineputs his subjects first.and he told me i must respect that.okay. you know what? i don't care.so you can do whatever you like.i could cancel,but you just told me you don't careso now i have no choice but to meet him.-- corrected by chriske ----sync by the_foe.......for my boba--i think he's coming.so could you please go tothe window and check for me?- who's he?- uh, sebastien raine.he's most likely wearinga very expensive sweater,that doesn't look very expensive.is he like, really...really handsome in ahomeless-y way sort of way? yes.yup. then he is coming here.oh, he is? okay.- he's walking.- he's walking.- he's walking towards here.- where is he walking to?- and now he's coming in- now he's coming in...and so he's here.he's here. all right.david.- oh...- wow.this is...exactly how i pictured it.sebastien.ah... you're-you're here.i thought you were supposedto be with my mother.so good to see you.look at you... you look really...healthy.thanks.i can't believe this is where you live.i think you're brave.hi.stevie.i like your sweater.you must be david's girlfriend.- no...- no, i own the motel,so that makes me morelike your landlord?no. it doesn't.stevie, stevie. stevie.i'd love to polaroid you naked one day.okay.okay?!david, i'm thinkingmaybe i'll stay the night,so i hope we can, you know... catch up.yeah, i'm super busy these days...yeah, i just feel like we haveunfinished business, you and i.room five is available.room five sounds great.so brave.hm-hm.- so brave.- okay.moira!sebastien raine!- hello!- ohhh!is this place not funny?i think it might just be oneof my favorite local dives.i love it. it's just so unassertive.you can't find this in new york city.new york misses you, moira.you're too kind.and correct.tell me things, sebastien.tell me everything!well, i just got back from london.i was touring with madonna.she commissioned aseries of anti-portraits.whoa.well, it sounds brilliant.i want to do something evenmore brilliant with you, moira.hm.come, let's walk.creativity lives on its feet.anything else is bullshit.i just ordered you a sanka-ccino.it's a beautiful day.and you're a beautiful subject.sebastian, i must insistyou stop with the flattery...in due time.so i have a quick littleschool form you to fill out.sure.what is this?um nothing. it justsays that i work here.uh-huh. this is for volunteer hours.but you don't volunteer here.you work here.but, i volunteer to work here.because it's your job.okay but, i need thesehours to graduate so...so looks like you're gonna have to findsomewhere to volunteer.okay. it's just, i thoughtmy community service hourswould apply but they don't countbecause their court-ordered. so...yeah, i think the wholepoint of volunteeringis to give something back, right?okay. sure. but whatever i give backhas to happen within two weeks.well, i might have something for youbut... i don't think you'regoing to be interested.try me.well, i work with someseniors a couple times a month.wow. so cute.um, it's just i have a thingwith skin tags and old smells.so i might just need to think on it.well, tonight's gonna befun though, dance lessons!we'd have to touch them.oh psst! hey, johnny!come here! come here! come here!- hey roland.- here sit down. sit. sit!okay. now act like you're talking to me.i am talking to you.no. not like that.it's got to be more conversational.you know, like, um..."yes the weather is cold."okay, i'm not following.okay, that's better.- but try it a little more casually.- what is going on?bob is trying to get hispoker night together againand he wants me to play.and i can't afford it.well then just say no, politely decline.well that's not gonna work, johnny.tell him that we're doingsomething together tonight, okay?tell him... you're takingme for a haircut tonight.- haircut?- hey johnny.- roland.- oh, bob.- almost didn't see you there.- right.i was just chattin' away with johnny.well, i just wanted to let you know thatwe're starting thebig poker night again,so if you're interested...uh well...i wouldn't mind playing, bob.- really?- well..that's great!well, listen i'll seeyou both at my place,uh... around seven.seven o'clock.can i ask you something?um, do you have eventhe slightest conceptof what just happened here?- oh! it is so nice to get away.- hm.there's something very catharticabout stepping intosomeone else's world.hm.that's one of the reasonswe chose to settle here.- david seems well.- well he...excuse me?i ran into him earlier at the motel.at the motel?and here i thought i gave youvery specific instructionsto go directly to the cafe.ever the renegade.yeah, i got here anddecided it was probably bestto get a room.only a day just didn't seem enough.you got yourself a room?oh, aren't you lucky!they're usually booked up.you must have used our name.but sebastien, i wasunder the impressionthat you were here just fortoday for a quick consult...hey! what are you doing?sorry, it's the way thelight is catching you.the photo took itself.ah, but you had to push the button.sebastien don't, please.this is my talk now, shoot later look.so, this visage is off-limitsfor-for the moment.plea...don't worry, i'm justusing you for scale.it's this backdrop.there's a provincialromanticism to all this,that's just...terrifying and important.far be it from me to stand in the wayof your inspiration.well, why don't youactually stand over there?where?- further into the field.- oh...yes!no, into the field.- further!- huh?- yeah, into the field.- umm?yes. further!sebastien, i was...let the field reveal itself to you.okay... i was wonderingwhen we do the actual shoot... um...are we thinking studio or on location?because i bet mr. schnabelwould love to loan us the palazzo...yes!okay. as long as you can still hear me.i was also thinking berlin...oh hi!nice day with sebastien?very productive.i think we've laid the groundworkfor an exciting enterprise.i'm sure you'll be a wonderful subject.oh, thank you, sweetheart.today was more about discussing theme,- and tone, mise en scene.- uh-huh.you know, he may have takena few reference photos, but...so he photographed you today then?hm-hm. you know just a fewdozens snaps about town...picturettes, really.why would you haveallowed this to happen?i don't know he just started shootingand shouting and i didwhat he told me to doand i "leaned in" to the moment.how did that work out for you?i leaned in! i don't know, david.why don't you try it... sometime!everybody, i'd like to introduce alexis,she's going to be joining us tonight.so that way we'll all have partners.that's great!dot, you won't need the swiffer.i guess i'll be dancing with ted.i thought carol assignsthe dance partners.we'll all get a chanceto dance with ted.everyone up!come on.this is actually very cute.although i did think thatthere would be more of them.yeah, well there usedto be, but... you know.oh, okay,but these ones actuallysmell like very clean,like baby powder.yeah, i think it's probably betterif you call the girls by their names.ted, could you give me ahand with these chairs here?of course!we've heard a lot about you.that is so sweet.why would he bring her here?are you talking about me?you can be my dance partner, dear.dot.does dot have arthritis?because it looks likeshe's giving me the finger.well, she has arthritis,but not in that hand.full house. read 'em and weep.and i think i come in secondbecause i got a pair of queens.there's no second place, roland.well, you were right aboutbob. he's quite the player.i'll go see if gwen'shas any more of thesebacon-wrapped scallops.yeah, i guess it's anothertrip to bob's laundromat, right?you know, because he keepstaking us to the cleaners.yeah, we get it, roland.i don't think it's an accidentthat bob keeps winning.what are you talking about?haven't you noticed howgwen circles the tablewith appetizers, constantly eying bob.then he lays down abig fat bet and wins.you know, come to think of it,those matching visorsthey're a little suspiciousi don't want to believe this,but ah, i do miss my wristwatch.i just think it'd beinteresting to see what happensif gwen wasn't around for the next hand.ahhh. like if she had an"accident" or something?i don't mean bump her off, roland.i mean, if she's not here,if she had to go to the store.i want to see how bob's luck gonna holdif when gwen's not here.it's worth a shot.okay, uh, do you want me to handle this?i'm pretty good inhigh-stakes situations.no. i think, i've got it.okay. well, i'll ride shotgun with you.so bob. were just talkingabout how delicious the food isand you know the onlything missing is...gwen's gotta go!i think what roland is saying is...if she could maybe go to the storeto perhaps pick up some a little more...kosher?and halal.gwen, you called it!yeah. sure. sure. that would do it.yeah and some gluten-freeoptions, for the ladies.oh gosh,i'm sorry i didn't think of this.but you know, maybe...maybe roland could go?he's running pretty low on chips.sure. i can drive.i don't think you want to drive, roland.i don't mind. i love driving.i don't think you do.yeah, i don't lovedriving. not at night. no!and i'm drunk.okay.i'm all right, dear. i could go.thanks, sweetheart.good. all right, so my deal.david.i'm glad you're here. come in.um yeah, i was just getting a drink...by the uh... thevending machine... so...i had a prolific daywith your mother today.yes she said.very excited about the shoot.the photos are really haunting.haunting.sure she'd be thrilledabout that adjective.umm, she told me this little... tripwas supposed to be moreof a creative discussion.david, your mother is a revelation.this is the way she was meantto be presented to the world.i'm sorry.is this you deciding whatsomeone else wants again?i-i want you to know that i careabout what happened between you and me.and while my therapist saidi should never feel sorrow,i do appreciate your pain.okay.and i wanna explore that.uh-huh.maybe... even...physically.oh...well, i shouldn't.oh you should.okay, fine, but um, i can't stay.um, okay...joan, i'm probably wrong,but i feel like theother ladies are very...un-soothed by the fact that i'm here.oh they are, but don't worry.it's just that we've justall grown very fond of ted.oh well... we're not dating.but i do understand that old womencan get very possessiveabout young... younger...dear, we know all aboutthe failed engagements.but don't worry,i'm not going to rake youover the coals to find outhow on earth you ever letthat one get away. or why?okay...it's none of my businessand i'm sure you have your reasons.i'd just want to know what they are?aggressive move, joan.well, i've been trying to setted up with my granddaughterfor two years now. and nothing.do you want me to put in a good word?it wouldn't matter. and you know why?is she not cute?she's not you.you must know that tedis still stuck on you.i think you ladies arejust a little bit confused.ted and i are just very close friends.hm.my husband and i were reallyclose friends for 52 years.mind if i cut in?oh, yeah.but i'm also happy to keepdancing with one of them.no, i meant i could dance with joan.just the ladies get pretty upsetif i don't divide my time between them.oh, yeah. yeah...uh... well then i will dance with dot!i would rather dance with the swiffer.okay...oh, i can't believe i tookthat with three sevens.well, i guess it wasn'tgwen, was it, johnny?sorry?nothing, nothing, bob.well, uh, johnny had this theorythat gwen and you were...johnny, why don't youtell bob your theory.well, uh...you thought we were cheating?no! no... ino offense, but i don't needto cheat to beat any of you.it's just, you win a lot, bob.and there's a reason for that.listen now ronnie, when you- when you have a good hand,you close your cards real quick.and ray, when you've got a bad hand,you start tapping your foot.and johnny your righteyebrow kind of just pops upand roland... well, you know...i don't even know if you know the rules.i don't know all of them. no.well you know, truth iswe put most of thewinnings towards the snacksthat gwen serves up.we thought it was kind of aspecial evening for everyone.in my defense, i didn'tbelieved any of this, bob.gwen is very trustworthy.- ray, you're tapping your foot.- okay.- moira- good morning, sebastien.i was up all nightevaluating our little projectand i've come to theunfortunate conclusionthat you may havemisrepresented your intentions.i wanted to capture the real moira rose.does the real moirarose live in a studio?or the palazzo?i have. and i will again.if you're planning tocapitalize on those images...you just have to trust me.with this work you will, once again,sit atop the summit ofcultural conversation,with your inspired unfettering.oh, i'd love to believe you,but there's a big fat linebetween charm and bullshit.give me your camera.david?!umm, yes sebastienand i just had some um,stuff that we needed to talk about.well, i'm having a hard time landingon surprise or betrayal.yeah, i should probably go. so...give me the memory card, sebastien.moira, i'm scared for us.oh, you mean this memory card?yeah, i'd give it back,but i don't think it'llbe of much use to you.it accidentally fell out of your camerainto my hand last night.and then fell out ofmy hand into my drink.and then i stepped on it a lot. so...it was really goodto see you, sebastien.good luck with the rest of this project.david, i feel terrible thatyou had to do that just for me.it wasn't just for you.let's just say we both won.okay folks, we're going to start withsomething a little different tonight.the game is called crazy eights.and the diamond shaped things are wild.roland, shush.well i'm just gladwe're back here again,and that we could put allthat unpleasantness behind us.gwen, these teriyakimeatballs they're delicious.wow and those sliders look incredible.those aren't for you.how's that watch working out for you?i love it.thanks.johnny...joahnny...-- corrected by chriske ---- schitt's creek - s03e10 - sebastien raine --opensubtitles recommends using nord vpnfrom 3.49 usd/month ----> osdb.link/vpn 