david,stevie is just now openingthe rose apothecary productswe ordered for the motel.okay, good, you're welcome.well, it would be goodif the order had arrivedwhen it was supposedto arrive, last week.all right, so it got held up.what possible differencecould one week make?we made sure to order those products- in time for the rollout.- what rollout?the rosebud motel rollout.


new name, new branding,flowers in all the rooms.new custom towels, allpart of the rollout.- um, who taught you rollout?- may have been me. sorry.you know, other thanyour little blunder,it would've been a flawless rollout.okay, you really needto stop saying rollout.david, delivery dates are important,when it comes to client loyalty.okay, do i need to remind you thati'm the one doing you the favour?accessorizing motel bathroomsis not what i would callon-brand for the store.so, if you would liketo pull the account,you can pull the account.


well i can't pull the account,because it's part of the rollout.so, i may be looking elsewherewhen it comes timefor the pop-out store.okay. he meant pop-up store, right?honestly, david, ittook him like 2 weeksto learn rollout, so...it's just that we don't wantpeople adopting sad dogs.you know, like singles are sad enough,so we want the puppies to be happy,and fun, and flirty.yeah, i got that note in your email,uh, but, as you know,these are rescue dogs so...it's kinda hard to guarantee fun.she's a little cutie!that's actually a he,and i think he mightalready be spoken for?but the event's like a week away.i know, i just, i happened to showsome of these little rascals to heather,and, and she saw this guy,and wanted to adopt him.so, we're just kind of in theprocess of making that happen,for her.- hmm. wow, love that for her.- alexis?oh, theodore, back for anothermeeting of the animals, i see.hello, mrs. rose.you know you two arelovely little freaks.in this digital day ofdiscontented disconnection,you two still manage todo things face-to-face,like people from before your time.hmm. we were just finishing up.oh, i'll-i'll just see you atthe volunteers' meeting, then?um, you know what, youdon't have to come to that.but, thank you for allof your help with this.okay, uh, okay sure.well, let me know ifyou need anything else.- you got my number, obviously.- yes, i do, thank you.- bye, mrs. rose.- bye.see you again soon, i'm sure.safe to say our animal-lovingsingles will be well placated.can i help you with something?yes! yes.that nudnick at the curlingrink just informed methat they'll no longerbe able to accommodateour lover's messysloppy joe eat-a-thon.i'm afraid you have tosecure us another venue.okay, well, can't you do it?n... alas! your co-chair willbe busy getting herself outof jury duty today.okay, then i will just addthat to the immense listof things that i haveto do this morning.alexis, you know me,i'm not one to overstep,but, perhaps you might be able to strikea few more to-do's off that listif you and ted spend a little less timefussing over this canine auction.it's a puppy adoption, and we're done.planning. so, thank you.hey.wow! looking very nice, stevie.yeah, thanks, except ithink i have to go home now.really? what's going on?uh, nothing to be concernedabout, just... this.oh my god! what happened?i don't know it's like anallergic reaction or something.did we change our laundry detergent?no, what have youbeen doing differently?nothing, just rolling thingsout, like you asked me to.could be, could be an insect bite.it's all the way up my arms.well, stevie, stop! what are you doing?uh i know it's for the guests,but it's like really goodstuff, and this is extra.how long have you been using that?this morning.before or after yourarm started itching?after, definitely after.oh, okay.i mean, i might've tried a little bitwhen i was unpacking the box, but...- my skin gets real dry in here.- it's the lotion.what?david's lotion is giving you the rash!no, i don't think it's the lotion.and you know what? i'm not surprised!because he gets a lotof this stuff from farms,and who knows where,and you don't know what'sin these natural products!stevie, why do you keep doing that?i don't know, okay! itmight be causing the rash,but it's also the only thingthat's making it feel better.okay, well we have tonow go and see david.no, i think it's a betteridea that i just go home.after we handle this!this is the last thing we needin the middle of a rollout!okay, if i could justget everyone to be,like, quiet for a minute?c-help. okay.hey! hey.um, welcome to the firstofficial volunteer meeting.i, of course, am yourco-chair, alexis rose.um, i think this isgonna be a very fun week.but, as of right now,it's less than ideal.um, i don't wanna addto anyone's stress,but we just lost the curling club.- oh...- bottom line, we need a new venue,so if everyone can justlike, ask around? please.i might have a place.oh my god!okay, um, everyone take a hot 5.and oh, for those of youasking about the t-shirts, yes,they are supposed to be tight.this is singles week,everyone is fair game.okay?- hi!- hi.what are you doing back?oh well, i uh, i don'tknow if you heard,but i'm gonna have alittle brother soon,- so yeah, i couldn't miss that.- um, yes, congratulations.and, are you serious abouthaving a venue for me?because that would be... amazing.happy to loan out the barn,- if it can be cleaned up in time.- what happened?oh, i asked a friend ofmine to keep an eye on itwhile i was away, andmusta slipped her mind.it didn't slip my mind,i just like, didn't go.is it bad?yeah, a nice little homefor a family of raccoons.i had to evict them, though,and they didn't go quietly.okay. you are literallysaving my life right now.i feel like i should help you clean,or like, water the plants, or something.i won't turn down the help,but you don't have toworry about the plants,they are very, very dead.mutt, you're making mefeel partially responsible.moira rose.moira! moira!jocelyn,i see you've been lassoed intothe judicial process as well.finally!i'm surprised to see you here, though.i know, right?you've served so many times already!i mean you had to missthe jazzagals luau luncheonbecause of that hungjury, and then before that,you and johnny got caughtin that criminal trialand couldn't make itto the seafood potluck.mmhmm. what can i say?i'm a stand-out in the jury box.but shame on them for summoninga woman in your condition.oh no, i've beenwaiting for this moment.apparently, if they call your number,you get to stand in front of a judge!i feel like i'm on "the voice"!ooh, as seductive asthat sounds, no thank you.with singles weekjust around the corner,my services are desperatelyneeded elsewhere.- number 23!- oh my god! that's me!number 40, number 75!uh oh, that's me.jocelyn, you're aboutto witness a master classin judicatory persuasion.hello?hello?no one at the counter!who runs a business like this?anyone could just walkin here and shoplift.okay, nobody's just walkingin here and shoplifting.david! your face!i know my face! i know my face!it's a... it's a heat rash or something!i look like the phantom of the opera!well, you can't greetcustomers with that face!you don't think i know that?i don't have much choice!patrick's at some business seminar,i don't really know, becausei wasn't really listening.stevie, show him your arms.- thought you'd never ask!- oh my god!what happened to your arms?same thing that happened to your face!- what?- your dad thinks it's your moisturizer.okay, that's impossible.i've been using this moisturizer- every day for 3 months.- oh.although, this is a new batch.and we've already soldhalf the stock. oh my god!see? i knew it!david, we have a problem.we have a big problem.you could be sued!- what?- for retail negligence.stevie, show him your arms again.- i don't want to show him my arms.- i don't wanna see her arms again.you realize you're gonnahave to talk to patrickand tell him that you twoare gonna have to take a bitof a breather when it... comes to...- ew!- you know, could be contagious.- oh my god!- yeah, and here you were this morning,acting like you were doingus a favour with the rollout.okay, this is one of ourbest-selling products.well, we're gonna haveto roll it back in.and stop touching your face!you stop touching your face!okay, this is definitely smallerthan the curling rink.well, it sounds likeyou've been really busy- puttin' this thing together.- yeah.what's happened sinceyou and tallahasseeleft on your pine-cone journey?it's uh, tennessee, and i'mpretty sure you know that,- and that ended a while ago.- oh no!i totally thought shewas like, the one for you.we called it off the day we arrived.she's married to moonshinenow, the owner of the cone form.- i'm sorry to hear that.- that trip was a disaster.compass broke halfway there,we ended up following a star for 2 days.anyway, by the time wegot there, we sat downand uh, spoke our truths.pretty freeing.that day i picked 700 cones!hmm, is that like a lot of cones?well, moonshine and his daughter, petal,said it was the biggestone-day haul they'd ever seen.they gave me the cone of achievement,which allowed me totake 2 showers that week.- speaking of showers,- ugh! no!this can't happen,i have like 50 zillionthings to do today.ooh, well, if only helpingme clean was one of 'em.ugh!i can crack open a bottle of cone wine?feeling risky?ugh, fine. um, no.uh... fine. no.okay, but um, like just one.welcome to jury selection.the case you would be asked to decideis a misdemeanor embezzlement chargelevied by the owners of tomand marge's magic and fun shop,against their businessmanager, mr. albert percy.embezzlement, no, no, no, no.i've seen this movie before.it is your responsibilityto notify the courtof anything you've seen or heard,that may impact on your abilityto be a fair and impartial juror.moira, this sounds likewhat happened to your family.- this could be your out.- shh! shh! shh! shh!a man needs to be brought to justice.yeah.so we're back to the generic brand.well gang,just about time for me to clock out.i gotta tell you two,this timesheet you haveis really complicated.by the time i finished filling it out,i was already into overtime.so do you guys have anovertime sheet i can fill out?kinda busy in here, roland.whoa. stevie! geez! yowzer!it's just a reactionto david's moisturizer.well, boy, leave itto stevie to get a rashfrom a moisturizerwhen she's sitting right- next to poison oak.- what poison oak?excuse me?well, right here. it's uh...- poison oak in that vase there.- what?where did you getthose flowers, mr. rose?well, i talked to a fewflorists, and then i...decided it was moreauthentic and... economical,if i just went outback and... picked some.uh, correct me if i'mwrong here, johnny,but i don't think poisonoak is that expensive.i didn't know it was poison oak!- mmhmm.- wait a second,if you picked them, then howcome you don't have the rash?well, i was wearing gardening gloves.okay, look, i'd love to standaround and help you guys,but i'm already sneakinginto double overtime here, so,i'm off.so... someone's gonna haveto tell david before he...takes it all back.no offense, mr. rose,but i'm pretty surethat someone is not going to be me.ma'am, can you assuremy client and the court,that you would, to thebest of your ability,uphold the law ifselected for jury duty?affirmative. mmhmm.do you have any life experiences similarto the facts of this case,that might affect your judgment?well, there was thatsummer that jimmy smitsstole my heart on stage ina workshop-only productionof "an officer and a gentleman".i suppose that might becalled emotional embezzlement?- so your answer is no.- to what?juror 75, you were asked ifyou had any personal conflictsthat might affect yourjudgments of this case.i don't know these people.i don't know these people.the fact that my own worldwas ripped out from under me,by someone like thisprick of a prestidigitator?i should think would helpthe court in the questto make a fair judgment.- may i approach the bench, please?- no, you may not.the court thanks andexcuses prospective juror 75.jocelyn, for the sake of that woman,you must push for the maximum sentence!- your honor!- hold on.you two know each other?not really, we just gotto talking on the way in.i... i wouldn't say we were close.all right, i'm dismissingboth juror 75 and juror 23.mother.this is the farthest i've ever gone!it sounds like it'sactually raining harder.so just take the dayoff, like old time's sake.um, i am a college graduate, mutt.singles week is not community service,it's actually very important to me.and i respect that.so, will you beparticipating in singles week?ugh. no, i'm trying to like,learn from my mistakesbefore making any new ones.think it's funny, youbringing people together,- and, here we are, still single.- hmm.makes you wonder if it's us?- what is happening?- i don't know,i just thought we werehere, it's raining,felt like nothing had changed.yeah, i can see how youwould make that leap,but things have changed for me.that's cool.we did have some fun in here, though.yeah, we did.you were quite the heartbreaker.yeah.not like, super proud of that, but...um, so when you andtallahassee had your talk,you said it was... freeing.saying something you'vekept hidden, out loud?yeah, it was pretty freeing.though, in our case,it was mostly swearsand we didn't talk for a week,but it was worth it in the end.who knows where i'dbe right now if i justdidn't tell her how i felt. hmm.yeah.i think i need to leave.it's still raining!yeah, i know, i know, there's um,there's like something i need to do.but thank you for the talk,and for finishing up cleaning,because i'm obviouslynot gonna help with that.you're a good one, mutt.okay, bye.okay, well i don't know whatto tell you, brenda, i'm rashy!rashy!yeah, the batch must becontaminated or something,it's like, some, somecream-borne virus!yes, it's the cream.my skin is normally fresh,and dewy, and blemish-free.well, i've already sold half the stock!okay, can you hold for a sec?what now?oh, i'm just dropping by, you know.oh, place looks great,really uh, really shaping up.yeah, i'm just on thephone with the vendorthat sold us theinfectious moisturizer, so,well, does the vendorhave a sense of humor,because this is a good one!remember the conversationwe were having this morningabout you know, the rash?well, it turns out itwasn't the moisturizer,it was poison oak.brenda, can i call you back?you know, it seemspoison oak accidentallyfound its way into the floralarrangements at the motel.how did that happen?i don't know.i don't know how ithappened. i think someone,someone must've thoughtit was a beautiful plant.mmhmm. you did this, didn't you?well...you, yourself must've thoughtit was a pretty flower,or you wouldn't have putyour whole face in it!i'm sorry for touchingmy nose to a flower!i just went all gordon ramseyon one of my most important vendors!i basically told her,her product was like a jar of ebola!so, this is uh, not a good timeto talk about future orders.we will be canceling your account.just be outgoing, be open,and show them your best self.and don't worry, i'll bevetting everyone in advance.- hi.- hi.how long have you been standing there?um, long enough.yeah, i was just givingthem a little pup talk.okay, ted, i have a few things to say,and i need you just to listen.okay, uh, is it aboutthe puppies though,just because they'rekinda fragile right now,so maybe we should go in the other room.- it's not about the puppies.- oh, okay, good.okay. so as you know,singles week has been takingup a lot of my time, um,because this could be like, abig step forward in my career,and generally speaking,this is like a very cute look for me.- okay.- okay... not finished yet.the problem is, i've been having um,a hard time focusing on thisexciting career opportunitybecause my mind has been elsewhere.oh, i just assumed that'show you always work.thank you, ted, but this is different.i love you.i'm in love with you.and, i know i really don't haveany right to say that to you.and also, i know you'rein a relationship, um,and i'm happy for you, i really am,i just feel like if ididn't tell you how i felt,i would literally go insane.you're the sweetest man i've ever known.and... that's it.wow, i didn't... idon't know what to say.you don't have to say anything.um, but maybe i could takea puppy home for the night.- you know i can't let you do that.- yeah, no. that's no problem.um, i was just thinkingif there was like,a particularly runty one, like cindy,or like, no, no. that's okay.okay, well, this is going tobe a very successful event.like, really great.okay.