oh, there's a woman in herewho couldn't afford a persian rug,so she painted one on her tiled floor.the magazine iscelebrating her ingenuity!well, it sounds likea creative solution.a creative solution would be a lobotomyto make one forgetthey like nice things.it's all so bleak.goodnight, john.sleep well, sweetheart.david, could you turn that down, please?as if you think that's what i listen to!


david, alexis, turn the music down!- it's coming from the other side!- what?could you turn the music down, please?!hello?! we're trying to sleep in here!stop yelling!i'm trying to turn the music down!stop banging on the wall!david, stop yelling at your father!hello?!why is everybody screaming?!alexis, enough!the music's too loud!then get them to turn it down!well, that's what i'm trying to do!


sync by the_foe (for urodzinowa boba)corrections by petagjohn.john!john, do you have any ideawhat a terrible night's sleepdoes to one's face?what, you couldn't sleep?how could i sleep with that noise?!what noise? they turned it off.no, you... you just fell asleep,and stayed asleep with noregard for my well being.now my eyes are puffy. are they puffy?no, they look like theyusually look, moira.so now my eyes are usually puffy!oh moira, they're fine!these bags are like gypsycaravans, packed to the brim!oh my god, this can't be happening.all right, i'll take care of it.could you turn the music down, please?!my wife hasn't slept all night!oh! hey, johnny.- roland!- hey, uh...- yeah.- what are you doing here?well, we're, uh, doingsome renos on the uh, house,so we're gonna shack uphere until they're all done.um honey, don't hogall the hot water, okay?- thank you.- jocelyn's here?y-yeah, no, johnny's here.yeah, yes, i will say hi to him for you.jocelyn says hi, john.you didn't hear us last night?- nope.- banging away?now, whatever you andthe missus do after hours,that's your business, not mine.on the walls roland, with our fists!and if you're into that kind ofstuff, that doesn't bother me at all.- all right, stop, stop!- that is fine. what?- stop it! what are you doing here?!- oh!i told you, our basement flooded.you said "renovations."yes... renovations, becauseour basement flooded!what? yes, you'reabsolutely right, honey,it is time that weasked johnny to leave.so johnny, i think you should...is jocelyn really there?did you hear that, sweetheart?he doesn't think you're reallyhere. would you please tell him?- thank you! satisfied?- jocelyn?okay look, johnny, unlessyou have a warrant, okay?jocelyn and i are gonnabe shutting our door now.- jocelyn?- okay, that's fine.so you think jocelyn'sat the root of this?yeah well, i think obviouslythey... they... they... they had a...they had a fight, moira.you know, i just don't knowhow she puts up with him.and now he's living next door.i've never pretended to like this motel,but at least it provideda buffer between us,- and those people!- yeah...how long do you think he'll be here?well, i hate to think.oh god, this is thelast thing we need, john.we're barely hanging on as it is!well, what does that mean,moira? "we're barely hanging on?!"i mean living in a space thislimited, is trying enough on a marriagewithout having rolandwallowing next door.this is going to bringus to a breaking point!oh moira, it's not gonnabring us to the breaking point.i think we've done an amazingjob since we've been here.i mean, i barely rememberan argument between us!that's my point.in a room this tiny,we've just got to ignorethe little irritants of theother, or you'd go insane!little irritants? what uh...what little irritants?i have little irritants?yes, we all do.peccadilloes, cloying habits.like what, for instance?all right, john. i...i drink a little too much tea sometimes.and that's it for you? you uh...you drink tea?well, it calms me, soi suppose you would saythat's because i'm inclinedto get nervous or insecure.no, i would say you'resometimes a little defensive,and uh, perhaps a tad paranoid.that would only be after you've takenthat condescending father tone with me.- father tone?- there it is.you think i have a father tone?john, i wish you could hear yourselftalk. but of course you never do.and that's the other thing iguess, i never listen to myself?look, it's by not engagingin this kind of tit-for-tatthat we keep our marriage afloat.and you have no faults,other than drinking tea?!john, i just admitted thati can get a little defensive.but only when you act like a big child!i act like a child?yes john, and now is not the timefor you to throw one of your tantrums!moira, of the two of us,i'm not the one who throws tantrums!i will not engage.i do not want to seehim get the better of us.and i'm sorry, obviouslythis has worked you upinto some kind of... fit of pique.okay, you know what?i need some air.that's another thing mr. rose,you never finish your fights.oh, this one's finished!stevie, you look like you would knowabout affordable housing. is this legit?uh... it's an ad for an apartment.i know, it's cute though, right?i wouldn't really describe anyapartment as cute in this town.hi...um, hi.there's a collection of undershirtshang drying outside of my room.um, is there any waythey could be removed,or is there like, a texas chainsaw moviebeing filmed out therethat i'm not aware of?actually, roland isstaying here for a few days.- ew.- that's disgusting.what's going on overhere? let me see that.what is this?"charming studio apartmentfor rent in lower sc."what's "lower sc?" i thought thistown was just one long street.i am thinking about getting a place.i have some money comingin, and it's just...it's not really a cute look tobe this age, and live at home.no offense, david.okay, it's not like i havea lot of say in the matter.m'kay well, you're a full grown man,- who's much older than me,- hmmm.- living at home. so it's just a little- mm-hmm.- bit embarrassing.- mmm, "available immediately."i wonder if you could move out tonight?uh no, because i'm gonna be using myhalf of the room as a guest bedroom.ooh, better yet, you could sublet it.i'm sure there's plenty of vagrantslooking for temporary housing.speaking of which, david,i'm gonna need you to comeand look at the apartment with me.okay, why would i do that?because david, as anattractive, single female,i don't feel comfortable goingto look at an apartment by myself!well, what if the personwho's showing you the apartmentis like, a super cutesingle real estate guy?mmmm... that persondoesn't exist in this town.okay, well, if that's the case,then david, you have to come with me.and if i like the place,then you can have the wholemotel room to yourself, okay?okay.she's nuts. um, if you could...just figure out the undershirtsituation, there's just so manyof them, and it's a lot for me.- bye!- you know, for my eyes.mm-hmm.- hey, johnny.- oh, jocelyn. hi.- how are you?- fine, thank you.- really?- yes.i couldn't help but noticethat you seemed a little...sad sack-y today.sad sack-y?well, maybe that'sbecause your husband isoccupying the roomnext to us at the motel.i thought he might end up there.that's where we had our honeymoon.had a lot of great times in that room.i don't think this is one of them.he was playing "don't cry out loud",loud at two in the morning.i'm so sorry.it's our wedding song.it was actually the firstsong that we ever made...okay, i really don'tneed the details on that.listen, i would ask you to sit,- but i... i am not...- absolutely, yes!so...- you two are- yeah.- going through a little bit of a thing?- had a tiff, and uh,i just said, i need some space.well, i'm glad you have your space,and i'm glad roland has his space,i'll tell you who's nowhaving a major problem- with their space.- okay, johnny.sometimes it's a loteasier to blame othersthan it is to maybekinda turn it inwardson ourselves, isn't it?meaning...well, it's kinda obvious that you andmoira are a little bit rocky right now.no, no, things are not rocky.things are not rocky, and if theyare, it's because your husband- is driving us insane!- so you're telling me thatthere are no issues- between you two right now?- no! no! no issues.well, by "issues," ifyou mean p-peccadilloes,- if you mean little irritants.- mmmm.maybe.- uh-huh.- but uh no, we're...- we're good.- good.err, right this way.as you can see, it's light and breezy.and by breezy, i mean there'sa slight but steady drafti'm told you only notice in the winter.this is so cute for me.oh, and there's a lovely window herethrough which you cansee all of the town.the cafe, the garage,a tree of some kind just uh, over there.this is cute, right?i think this is super cute.wait, is it cute?'cause i know that it'slight, and spacious, and...airy in here, but i justwasn't sure if it was cute.oh, it's cute.are these original moldings?yes, but we can rip those out.okay well, i'm the one thatshould be asking the questions.okay, be my guest.okay, so...when does um...is this a functioning fireplace?yes, we found an incineratedsquirrel carcass there last week.- ah.- um, what are you doing, david?you wanted my help, so i'm helping.mm, okay.what's the rent?uh, they want $275, buti think they're dreaming.- a week?- no, no, no, a month.but again, i thinkwe can talk them down.wait, $275 a month for this? that'scheaper than my p.o. box in new york.do you think i should take it?well, i mean, it is... it is very old.i think that i would liketo see the lease agreement.i thought you'd never ask!ugh, you know, it actually kindof reminds me of your old um...office space that youhad in the west village.- mm-hmm.- remember?- yep!- so cute.you know what i think broughtall this on? that darn election!it's really hard on couples.i mean, don't get me wrong,i really appreciate howinvolved roland wants to bein my campaign, it'sjust that sometimes,he can be sooo...- irritating? obnoxious?- no. i was gonna say sensitive.- oh, sensitive.- especially when i wannado something on my own.ohhh! do you really thinkhe's obnoxious and irritating?no! no, no, no, i wasjust trying to imagine- what you know, you were feeling, no.- well, i feel frustrated a lot.you know, you try to have arational conversation with him,and he just gets alllike, stubborn and selfish.and then he acts likeyou're the one behaving like- a child! right? yeah, exactly.- exactly!words get... get used,and twisted around,and yet, he uses that against you.- yes, that is so roland!- and you get the reputationfor being hot-headed, and hegets to push every button he can!you are so right!you know, i thought that imight be ready to forgive him,but i think he needs a couplemore nights at that motel.but, on the other hand...maybe it's through your forgivenessthat you teach him a lesson.right, and... and thesooner you forgive him,then... then the betterit's gonna be for... for you.roland!yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.oh! moira, this isn't a good time, um...jocelyn and i are about to make brunch.you can give up the act.you and i need to talk.close the door honey, will you?you're lettin' my flies out.ugh! it's time for youto go home and apologize.oh, okay.i'll do that. um...just one question. where's johnny?i imagine he's at work.'cause he seemed prettyangry this morning.i don't know, maybe you needto go home and apologize.sorry sweetheart, thesewalls are pretty thin.oh yes, i know.the only reason john and i hadwords is because we were exhausted,- from being kept up all night!- mmm.it seems someone in the motel wasplaying loud music until 4 a.m.!i'm sorry, are youcomplaining about the qualityof the free lodging that iarranged for you this past year?i think we're verycourteous guests, roland,and have tried tocontribute to this town,in whatever way we could.this town, which is quitefrankly, woefully mismanaged.oh, ugh, ew! i hate that!eww! that is just the kind ofarrogance that i can't stand!you come in here, and youthink you know everything!oooh! ohhhh!no, but i think if i was in yourposition, i would be open to new ideas.oh! right! of course you would.- i would!- sure. hah! yeah. mmmm...hello, everyone! i'm moirarose, and i know famous people,so i really can't talkto the common folk.excuse me all, coming through!so i'm assuming this placecomes fully furnished?no, this is all completely staged.hmm, it must be very expensiveto furnish a place like this.ah, not really if youget it second hand.or uh, maybe you getup early on tuesdays,which is garbage day, andfind a discarded couch or sofa.mm-hmm, um well, you know what, idon't even really need that much stuff.i kinda like theminimalist look anyway, so.it's very quiet in here, ray,it's like, alarmingly quiet.the apartment was soundproofedby the previous owner.but the irony is the peoplenext door are completely deaf,so you could literally scream forhours, and no one would hear you.did you hear that?you could scream for hours,and no one would hear you.okay well, think about how muchfun that will be for parties, david.um, and what about parking?okay, you don't... youdon't even have a car!oh my god, if you wantthe place so badly, david,- why don't you just say it?!- who says i want it?so you don't want it?- no.- so if i said thati didn't want the place, youwouldn't... you wouldn't want it?- okay, so you don't want the place?- okay, i'm just trying to figure out if- you want the place!- oh, okay, okay.i think i know what allthe hesitation is about.yes, someone did take theirown life in this space,but the good news is, we'vereplaced the ceiling fan,it's now a break-away model.and to answer your question,yes, there is parking.uh, oh, and they also allow cats.oh? oh? you wanna drop the gloves?let's drop the gloves, roland.you are an emotionally stunted,self absorbed man-child.you lord this counterfeit power of yoursover others like a schoolyard bully!okay, well you're aphony baloney blowhard,who's desperately scared of beingthought of as a regular person!i used to be a regular person!you're just a stuck up pencilskirt with clown makeup,and a janitor's mop on your head!you are an inexplicably cocky imbecile!your marriage is asblighted as this town,and you have no oneto blame but yourself!- whoa...- oh.- well, hold on.- i went too far.- yeah.- well...- well, i mean, come on.- in the spirit of things.yeah but still, that was kind of...over the line.i like jocelyn,and i know you two have avery special relationship.well, we... i mean, wehave our differences.oh god, who doesn't?i was... i was just riffing.john?oh sweetheart, ididn't mean to wake you.don't hear any music next door.no, i think he tuckered himself out.oh, well, that's good, that's good.i suppose he just neededto spout off for a while.yeah well, jocelyn willbe glad to hear that.she just came to pick him up.- really?- yeah.i think she just needed some alone time,you know, to clear her head.that's understandable.hmm.it's unfortunate they can'tcommunicate those needs to each other.yeah well, they don't have what we have.i can't argue with that.i thought you said jocelyncame back to make up!she did!that happens to be their wedding song.just admit that you wanted the place.i was just asking questionsto help you make the right decision.well, you're a terrible liar, david.it's a pretty good deal, though.seriously though, wouldyou wanna live in a housewhere someone killed themselves?i could almost guarantee youthat someone's killedthemselves in this room.ew, david!- okay, good night.- good night.ugh!you know, sometimesat night, i see things.oh my god, david!yeah, yeah. like...dark things.like sometimes there's this oldwoman that paces back and forthby your bed, waving herhands over your face.i don't think her bony fingersever touch your mouth, though.mom?do you ever wake up with chapped lips?dad!dad's dead.ohh, you're such a dick, david!stop!corrections by petag