so, this is the town limits?yes sir, 4,500 acres that endsright here at the town sign.and it's all yours, johnny,it must be a nice feeling,considering you don't have a lot right now.you know, because of thecrooked business manager.you know, the money scandal...yes, i know, i know, i know, ray.what the hell is this?!the town sign.is this the real sign, or the joke sign?what do you mean?


you don't see anything wrong with this?the man!standing awfully close tothat woman, wouldn't you say?well, he's holding on to her soshe doesn't fall into the creek.look a little closer, ray.well, it need a little sprucing up.- sprucing up?!- it's very popular,people come from all overto take a picture with it.i'll bet they do!you know what? this is coming down!that's the mayor's family up there!the sign's been here over forty years.and you wonder why this place won't sell?oh, i think i see it now.his shoulders are too big.


get in the car, ray.moira?boy, we've got our work cut out for us.but i've seen worse.it's not a problem.moira?they dare to call me irrelevant?shag carpeting, that's irrelevant!l.a. is irrelevant...i am relevant!"good riddance," is what they said.oh, who said that, sweetheart?i don't know!they're no name commentors.- tormentors.- are we having a bad day, honey?anonymous.ominous.that'll be fine, thank you.i'm afraid i don't havea gratuity right now.so, that guy from the other night.- he's not for me, right?- what guy?that beardy guy that i kissed at the party.he's gross, right? like,that's not a thing for me.there wasn't like, a spark or anything.you mean the hitchhiker that wasburning meat over a garbage can?yeah, that one.have you seen your mother today?um yeah, she was face down on the carpetbefore dragging herself into the closet.and you didn't say anything?!i thought she was maybe lookingfor a contact or something.yeah, she googled herself again,now she's having one of her "things."how bad is it?how bad is it? a solid seven.it's not an eight, whichseems manageable for you.well, except i've got a fewthings i have to take care of,so i need you two to go in, and take...no, i did saint-tropez, so.and i did her birthday, and aspen twice.and i'm trying to sell this town.so, if you kids want anychance of getting out of here,you'll help me out, and goin and look after your mother!well, my horoscope saidthat i shouldn't assumeresponsibility foranybody but myself today.yeah, and my horoscope says,why don't you go in and help your mother!and don't let her out of your sight, okay?we don't want her detonating in public!i know!though it is kind of fun to watch, though.not when you're the one she'strying to back over with a car.what's that?- eye cream.- from where?from paris.how did you pay for it?oh, one of my creditcards is still working.oh, you're charging thingsto your credit card?!i see, and how are you gonna pay for it?i don't think youunderstand, i already have it.well, i know this is abizarre concept for you, david,but if you want creamfrom paris, you need a job,so you can pay for the cream from paris!okay well, tell that to thebags under my eyes, then.and right after you tell your next joke,i want you to go down to the front desk,and ask what's-her-name...stevie.where you can get a jobaround here! all right?i'm in the middle gettingrid of an x-rated sign,before it scares off the fewbuyers we might actually have!okay, i'll get on that.you want the smooth under eyesof a 16-year-old, get a job!you just need to relax, becauseit's not like your boyfriend left youfor a scandinavian flight attendant!what kind of name is kika anyway?i'm the one that should be inthe closet right now, not you.help me out.- help me!- okay!- oh, shhh!- my foot's fallen asleep.hey, shall we see what they'resaying about you and stavros?no! it's not my idea!you were a couple of doe eyed loversaboard a trans-atlanticairship filled with gas!you know what i think we should do?i think we should go get something to eat,because when you're eating youcan't be talking to me, okay?- you know what i think?- what?you date pigs.okay, i just remembered that beinga mother is not your strong suit.oh darling, i'm only tellingyou because it's true!and because you gobbleddown a hundred thousandanti-depressants this morning.i was hungry! but i could still eat.hi, um... question.if one were to theoretically look for a jobhere in schitt's creek, where would you...suggest that that person go to look?is there, like, a bulletinboard or a pamphlet,or something with information on it?no, no bulletin board...what kind of job are you looking for?um, something in like, artcurating, or trend forecasting.oh, okay... um, hmmm, let's see.not seeing anything in art curating,or trend forecasting, that's weird.okay.um, do you have any otherskills or areas of expertise?i've been told i have really good taste.oh, well, that's good.um, let's see... oh!bag boy at the grocery store.i don't know what that is.you put groceries in bags,so that people can carry their groceriesout of the grocery store.okay, and how much doyou think that would pay?mmm, i'm gonna say minimum wage.which is what, forty,forty-five something an hour?- mmm-hmm, exactly.- okay. okay!um, well, something to think about.for sure, thank you.you're welcome.i would like two apple fritters,sliver of pecan pie, largefries with gravy and bacon!okay, so, she will havescrambled egg whitesand some steamed spinach,please, thank you.and some pecan pie! onionrings, and ice cream!actually, none of that, andi will have a tea, thank you.okay.um, mrs. rose, are youokay? you seem a bit...- mm-hmm, she's fine.- i'm fine.um...hey! stay here, okay? don't move!oh wow, i'm really bored.hey! hey! hey you! hey!hey, so i just wanted to be clearabout what happened the other night.the reason that i let you kiss me.um, you kissed me.yeah, no, i can see howthat would be confusing,but i just wanted to let you knowthat that was just megoing through some stuff.cool.um, hey!so, why do they give you table scraps?are you, like, a poor person, or?uh, no, but thanks for asking.no, i use it to compost.you know, that way nothing gets thrown out.composting?yeah, no, i... i know composting.um, gwyneth paltrow doesa compost gift exchange.i'm gonna go.okay, great, i'm glad thatwe could clear this up.speak of the devil.good morning.- ray! hi.- hi.i... i just stopped byto make an appointmentto see the town council.you're looking at us.i'm bob, that's ronnie, you know ray.yes, yes, ray.spent a wonderful morning with ray.well, i can see you've got amillion things on your plate,so i'll get to the point,it's about the town sign.i told you he wouldn't let this go!the sign tells people what toexpect when they're in town.do you have a problem with that message?a major problem, bob.yeah, you see, it's the firstthing you see when you drive in,and as the owner of the town,i'd like to convey a better, cleaner image.there's a lot of historyin that sign, johnny.schitt history.that's all we need,some outsider coming inhere and changing everything.if it ain't broke, don't fix it!- hello, moira!- hi!how are you?i'm eating egg whites,and hoping the building will collapse.anyways, i have a giant favour.my class is putting on a play forthe younger grades, and i just...thought that you'd be perfect,you know, to help coach the kids.because they'd be thrilledto have someone like you,an actual star... teach them?that must have taken suchcourage to ask me that.but in show business boldness is rewarded,so my answer is yes.yes, yes!- that is such good news!- (bleep), i know!so, how'd it go?i met with a woman at avery sad grocery store,and i have a quote unquoteinterview to be a bag boy.hey, that's great!that's all that i'mapparently qualified to be.when's the interview?this afternoon.well, the interview's where you makeyour first good impression,so, it's gotta count.i'm interviewing to be a bag boy,not a personal injury lawyer.david, i've had enough peoplehire enough people in my dayto know exactly what they'relooking for in an interview,so, let's go! let's get up.for what?come in!ah, david rose.you're applying for the bag boy position.yeah.tell me david, why do you want this job?i don't want this job.well, thank you very much,and don't expect a phone call!- okay.- all right, do it right!or let's not do it.now, we're gonna start again.- okay.- tell me, david, why do you want this job?i ran out of eye cream.okay, you're not gonna get this job.you're not gonna get this job!you know why? your attitude sucks!- okay...- and look at how you're dressed!what is this?! colostomy bag pants!i'm the manager of afamily run grocery store.i'm not gonna hire you!you're not gonna get thejob, you're the last person...- okay!- where's your mother?whew!- where's your mother?- what?- aaaaaah!- aaah? what?!- where's your mother?!- she's with jocelyn.- with jocelyn?- she's fine!and i'm fine too, if anybody cares.i told you to watch her!i did watch her!i watched her talk to jocelyn.okay, how many of youbeautiful young thingshave a background in the theater?raise your swords!i see, a class groundedin realism, nice work.because that is wherewe find our deepest well.may i be up front?yes.we're not here to play, or to have fun!you will work until it hurts!hey, come here a second!hey, just the man i wanna see!so word on the street isthat you're all freaked outabout the town sign, is that right?no, no, i'm not freaked outabout the town sign, i just...and that you have some sortof problem with my family,- ... or something, is that it?!- no, no, no, this is not about your family.- oh, it's not?- it's not about your family.- oh, really? okay, interesting.- no, no, no.in the car, come on!in, let's go!come on, kaylee, try this.it's cool.i can be cool without drugs, mark!okay, stop! no one speak.not a word!it's not your fault, the script is garbage!okay, which one of you wrote this?i did.jocelyn, have you everbeen addicted to drugs?no!then write what you know, okay?the quiet suffering of a womantrapped in a relationship with a simpleton.that's not what i know moira,and drug awareness ispart of the curriculum, so.i'm gonna work with these two.what is it that you want?to go home.is that where you keep the stash?you want the marijuana?yes?no, you want to be seen,and heard, and loved!now, what is it you need?it's different, be careful,what is it you need?what is it you need?okay. ahem!hey!um, were you workingout or something? or...ah, sort of.okay, well, i'm sorry for interrupting.um, i just i happenedto be in the area, so...mutt?um... just...alexis!twyla!i didn't know you two were uh...did you wanna come in?i was just about to make some tea.mmm, no, i'm good.uh, i should be getting back to my mom,who's not well, yeah, so, i'm gonna go.- okay.- oh.you guys have fun!thanks!bye!blaaaaah!that is my great grandfatherup there, horace schitt.he was a visionary, johnny!he discovered this land, he developed it,and he turned it into the littleslice of heaven that it is.and i'm proud of him! you understand that?roland, you've got this all wrong.why do you hate me?i don't hate you! i don't hate you!well then, why do youhave a problem with a signthat celebrates my family?it's not, it's just the waythey're celebrating, that's all!okay, so now you hate my family.i don't hate your family!well then, what is your bigfat problem with the sign?!it looks like your great grandfather'syour great grandmother right up the ass!oh my go... that is so demented!you can't tell me you don't see that!well, you know, now that you putthat creepy thought in my head,sure, i... i see it, butyou got it all wrong, pal!let me enlighten you, mr. johnny rose!that isn't even horace's wife!that's his sister.well, how does that make it any better?ohhh!well, i don't know how theydo things where you come from,but around these parts,we don't do that sort ofthing with our sisters!roland, how is anybodydriving past this signsupposed to know the womangetting banged from behindis that man's sister?!- oh my.- oh my! yes, oh my!all right, johnny, well i neverreally looked at it that way,but now i get it, okay,well, all right, i'lldo something about it,i'll fix it, all right?and thank you, thank youfor bringing that up to me.good.good!jocelyn, we're going off book!well, actually, we're running out of time.forget the lines, forget the lines!let's just be in character, shall we?oh, could you be stiffer?!just watch, please.ahem! start wherever.um... do you wanna smoke a joint?oh mark, you are better than this.you can't let others define you.look at me!never let the bastards get you down!- can't say bastard!- okay.you must prepare for life,and whatever it will throw at you.the opportunities will diminish,and the ass will get bigger,oh, you can bet your bottom dollar it will!especially yours.you're going to have a huge ass.and you, future baldy.sorry, hairless, homeless!so what? who cares?when they get mean, youtell them to go to hell!because only you know who you are!and those cruel internet peoplecannot take that away from you!you will forge on!and you will find some glimmerof something to hold on to.and only then will you find your way back.only then will you becomeonce again who you are!lady standing!good, you're gettin' the hang of it.well, putting groceries in a bagis not as complicated as one might think.watch the eggs. what did i say?you said put them in a separate bag.good. quick learner.david rose, line one.sorry, i just gotta...just one... thank you.hello?hey, how's it going?yeah, i can't talk right now, so.ah, they're working you hard, huh?yeah, i can't talk, soi'm gonna hang up, bye.sorry, sorry about that.someone's on a health kick, huh?david rose, line one.i'm just gonna... scoot past.- yeah?- you hung up.sorry.okay.where were we?david rose, line one!right.take that off.hand that to you.now i'm gonna... i'm gonna go.this is worse. this is much worse!- you did this?- no, i didn't do this, i tried to fix this!well, it... it is what it is.okay, it looks like...i know what it looks like, alexis!i know!