agghhhhhh! (bleep) me! (bleep) me!- what?- (bleep) me!- what?- john, there's something in the bed!- what?- something crawled up my leg and i can't see it!- what?- i can't see it!- a spider?- no! something invisible like...lice, or scabies, or... bed bugs!oh, we don't have bed bugs.oh, john, i can't affordto burn all my clothes!oh, moira, relax.just relax. if we had lice, i'd have lice!


guess who?deedee?!- hi, momo.- what the hell?sorry. i know i should'vecalled, but um... i just thoughtit'd be really fun tocome see my older sisterin her... new digs. youknow, a little visit.oh. um... do you really have lice?i'd hate to contract... lice.- synced the_foe for misiaso, deedee, you are... looking well.seaweed facials. i get one every week.but enough about me, iwanna talk about you guys.mm. i want you to know that i...really wanted to come and visit you


when i heard about your life collapsing,but i got this really bigjob promotion that weekand things got, you know, kinda crazy.plus, we haven't really seenmuch of each other recently.yes, well, we've had kind of a hectic year.well, thank goodness for the internet!seemed to be the only thing letting me knowyou two were still alive.telephone is also amazing!you just push the buttons and say,"hi, it's me, your deadbeat sister."well, it's a treat seeingyou two going at it again.kids!come in and say hi to your aunt deedee!better hurry before shedisappears for another decade.oh! what?look at you guys! you've grown!why did i think that you were dead?ah, you're so sweet.now how long has it beensince we've seen each other?i think you crashed one of my pool partieswith some guy you werecalling "uncle julio."oh! i remember that.all right, you guys treat yourself, okay?buy yourself something nice.- a hundred dollars?! oh my goodness, wow.- oh my god! oh my god,i missed you! i missed you so much!i missed you so much!oh gosh, look at that. they are sweet kids!i don't know what you wereso worried about, moira.deedee, what are you doing here?are you staying here at the motel?can i... get you a room?no. god no.no, i mean... no, i... i bookedmyself into a junior suiteat the comfort inn in elmdale, thank you.this is very darling, it'sjust it doesn't have a gymand i'm kind of in the bestshape of my life right nowand i kinda wanna keep it that way.okay.okay, so you're saying that iwould be as in shape as you areif i just fixed lights all day?pretty much.well... a few pull ups here and there.okay, so you do workout.you are such a liar!oh! wow! did stevie saysomething funny or... ?- grant, this is david rose.- hi.he's one of our permanent guests here.don't say that... again.grant does repairs around here.- oh, great.- he was also just trying to tell methat he got that bodyfrom just being a handyman.well, isn't grant just a big fat liar!- um...- i gotta grab the right marette, so...my head is all over the place.she keeps distracting me.wow. he is wearing a tight shirt!so is he gonna do some repairson your... on your undies?who's to say he hasn't already.wow! great.why, is that a problem for you?no. no. do you.do him. do both. do things.- great. i think i might.- yeah.good. jump in.so...we should probablyestablish some boundariesabout this whole friendswith benefits thing.okay. yeah. no, let's do that.let's, uh, let's put up some boundariesuh, for the infrequent benefitsthat our friendship has.i think that's really good.can we do that afteryou screw mister fix-itor... would you like to do it now?let's throw some boundaries up.'kay.hey, twyla.twyla!twyla?!i'm so sorry. i really didn'tthink that was gonna hit you.that's okay. your mom did thesame thing to me this morning.- okay.- what can i get you guys?just coffees. thanks.so what's going on over there?i'm just working on something.just a little thing for mutt.oh! is it his birthday or something?no. um, my dad always said,"when in doubt, say it with a song."he was a roadie with fleetwood macand that was the last thingmick fleetwood said to him...before the band hit himwith a restraining order.so you're writing a song for mutt then?yeah, i'm trying to.cute! so what, is it about...your feelings, or is it love and... what?are we shooting a datelineinvestigative report?no... we're not.i'm just looking out for my friend.um... honestly, twy, ixnay on the ongsay.because i tried it onceand the guy ripped theguitar out of my handsand he just startedsmashing it on the ground.granted, i'm tone deaf and he was a...he was a super angry marine, but...just let the girl writeher boyfriend a song!okay, i know! and i'm allfor it, i'm all for it.i just think it's um...i think it's a super big mistake.david!jocelyn. hi.can i ask you something?uh... that depends.how shall i put this?you strike me as the sort of personthat had a hard time in high school.thank you.your floral top, for instance.is there something i can help you with?well, there's a new kid in my schooland he's having a littletrouble fitting in.mm-hmm.he's also struggling with his sexuality,which i think that you may be also...what can i help you with, jocelyn?well, i was thinking,wouldn't it be wonderfulif you could come down to the school,you know, maybe talk to himand tell him that...things only get better.the idea of me lifecoaching another human beingshould scare you. a lot. i don't...i knew there was a good personin there somewhere, david.oh, and honey, get the quilted;that other stuff will chafe you right up.so this is weird.um, today marks the longest relationshipthat i've ever voluntarilyhad with someone.voluntarily.yeah. the actual longestrelationship was um...a three month affair with a saudi prince,but for the last two months of thati was trapped in his palacetrying to get to an embassy.um, so... hey. how is itgoing with you and twyla?you guys are looking cute.uh... i don't know.why? what's going on?i dunno. it... it's nothing. it's fine.okay, if my boyfriend ever describedour relationship as "fine,"i think i would literally...it's just... it feelslike it's run its course.- what?- and i think we've both known it for a while now.oh.oh, give me a break. how did you find me?well, where else is there to go?and johnny may have told me.thank you, johnny.moira, why are you makingthis so difficult for me?oh... where do i start?um, you know, i think it'sbest we don't go there.no, i'd like to go there. please, take me.fifty thousand dollars.does that sound familiar?- yes. you gave that to me as a downpayment- no! loaned it.you gave it to me as a down paymentfor my buffalonian town house.we handed you the money and you said... ?- thank you?- oh, too late.well, moira, considering you hadover 500 million dollars in the bank,i'm a little personallyoffended that i didn't get more.go away, deedee.no. no. not until i dowhat i came here to do.didn't want to hurt yourfeelings, but i forgot.- don't you dare.- you don't have feelings.- don't you dare.- yes, yes. i am paying you back.it's not everything, but it's a start.so walk me through this...she offered you a chequeand you turned it down?she was insulting us!moira, the woman datesdive bar owners, okay?let her insult us!well, i don't know whether you've noticed,but we could use the money.you talk about bed bugs?that check could pay for fumigation.better yet, we could move to a placethat doesn't have bed bugs.i don't want her money. i want our money.she owes us! we loaned her $50,000 dollars!we gave her $50,000 dollars,and you spent more thanthat on wigs that year.i don't see any one elselining up to give us cheques.why are you taking her side?i'm not taking her side, butshe's offering us a way outand you're letting yourpride get in the way.it's all i have left, john, literally.swallow it, moira.- i can't.- yes, you can.and then we can buy a case of champagneto wash it down with.so... you and grant.how are things going?uh... well, he asked meout for dinner tonight,so... we're gonna do that.we're gonna go for dinner, grant and i.yeah! yeah, that's...well, he seems like areally like respectable guy.like one of those guys that has like a...candy bowl of condoms on hisbedside table or something.oh, hope so. wonder what colour i'll get.yeah!so i am mentoring ateen in crisis... later.that's what i'm doing.one of jocelyn's students, so...he's being bullied because he's different,so i'm helping to change his life.giving back, so...- wow...- yeah.and on a scale of one to ten,how much are you looking forward to that?three point five. i'm gonna leave you bebecause it's not everydayyou get to go on a datewith a guy who owns a windowless van, so...oh, grant.hi!what're you doing? youchecking out porn again?i'm gonna go.i'm gonna go. um...warmest regards to you both.best wishes.such a weird dude.yes. yes, he is.you must be connor.yeah.i don't know how muchmrs. schitt has told you,but she asked me tocome in and have a chat.she thinks that sincewe're both... new hereit might be worth talking about some thingslike, you know, fitting in.apparently you're havingtrouble fitting in.who... who... who are... who are you?oh, my name is david.are you... like a doctor or something?a psychologist?am i what? n-uh, no.so why would i talk to you?i don't know. becauseyour teacher is concernedthat you're having trouble adjusting.so she told you to come hereand... and what, help... help me?look at you. look at your pants.excuse me! i am sensing atinge of disrespect here.i'll tell you what my problem is.i'm a 16-year-old gay kidliving in a town thatmakes me wanna throw up.the issue isn't me not fitting in.it's me not wanting to fit in.is there anything else youwanna, you wanna help me with?no.go ahead and order whateveryou want. this is on us.oh. they're letting yourun up a long tab, are they?you see?well, i hear the pork is very good here.the ribs, the chops, the roast...nothing for me, thanks.well, isn't that funny. becausemoira doesn't eat here either.but i will be eating and i just don't knowwhether to have the ribs or the chops,but i'm definitely ordering pork.if you mention pork one more time...moira, um... don't you have somethingyou wanna say to your sister?no.oh, i'm pretty sure you do.i'm pretty sure i don't.thank you for trying, johnny. truly.but like i'm just reallyuncomfortable right nowwith my older sister actinglike a stubborn child.okay, why don't we alltake a deep breath hereand try and remember what'sreally important, okay?we are family, and wehave to hang onto that.and you know as well as i do, moira,that in times of crisis,the one thing we needto hang onto is family.okay, okay.deedee...we appreciate you coming to this town...and offering whateverit is you're offering.much appreciated. 'cause seriously,i thought you were justcoming here to gloat.no, no, no.i came here in the spiritof giving and forgiving.the... the gloating thing was a bonus.moira, go on...yes, go on.we need help. please help us.okay! i will. hmm?oh!i'm gonna do this for you, butmostly, i'm doing it for me.why? because you can't... and i can.okay.how much are we gonna make this out for?oh... sh... i haven't thefoggiest. i couldn't...i couldn't come up with a number.i mean, i... whatever you think is fair.well, you guys gave me fifty grand, right?yes, we gave you fiftythousand when we had the money.but i can't... i can't askyou for fifty thousand dollars.whatever you think isthe... equivalent amount.okay, i think i can do you...a little better than that.okay?oh, so... unnecessary,deedee, but thank you.well, who's up for pork?okay... so you're telling meyour girlfriend is ona date with someone elseand, instead of doing something about it,you're here talking to me,a kid who practicallyhas no respect for you.well, first of all, you're a little bitchy.second of all, she is not my girlfriend.she's someone i'moccasionally having sex withbecause we're bored and desperate.ah... you're doing a friends withbenefits thing with this girl.have you not seen the 42films they've made about it?it never works.okay, well, movies aren'talways right, all right?you'll learn that later in life.i happen to be a little bitolder than you are, so...- obviously.- okay.well, i think we're good here.you're gonna be okay, right? you're stable?i have a party later.can you buy me some beer?uh, no. can you buy me some beer?!hey! can i grab a glass of water?- yeah, sure.- thank you.so how's the uh... song going?is that... is the song still a thing?yeah! do you wanna hear some of it?um, i would love to, buti actually hate music,so... i don't think i'dbe a very good judge.- you hate music?- mm-hmm...are we sure that mutt likes music?'cause i feel like if he didn'tit could be kind of... awkward.are you feeling okay?um... i just don't think that...the song thing is a good idea.for, like, a lot of reasons.um... are you sure thatyou wanna put yourselfin such a vulnerable situation, twy?are you saying you don'tthink mutt would like it?i don't know. i mean... i'm not sure.maybe, but... i don't... i'm not...yeah, i'm not sure.did you talk to mutt?because i know that...we've been sort of off for a while.and i've been just trying tothink of things to make it betterand so i'm... you know, i'mjust trying to make it work.i think that you shouldtalk to mutt before...breaking into song.thank you, alexis.for what?bye.in all honesty, muttwas just a place holder.according to my tea leaves, the guyi'm suppose to marry is black, so...oh.- what and why are we drinking?- oh my goodness!um, i don't know, and today,some snippy teen told methat my life was a mess, so...and i am now a single person.oh...so did you spend the night washingyour clothes on grant's abs?- you're funny.- mm-hmm.um, grant went to thebathroom and never came back.- thank you.- what?he w... he went to thebathroom and never came back?- mm-hmm.- oh...so either i was stood uphalfway through my dateor grant has some serious digestive issues.- mm.- wow. sounds like a real catch.so word on teen streetis that our little...friends with benefits situation is a...- not a good idea?- is a bad idea.and because i don't haveany other friends here,i can't afford to lose you, so...i think it's best if we just...- friends.- friends. yup.i think that's best.good. this is good.- that's good, right?- that's good.okay. well... warmest wishes to that.kindest regards.yeah!cheers!- whoa. twy...- mm...- that's...- it's good, right?my eyes are tearing.so this is it?after all that?and we paid for the dinner!so we lost money on the whole deal.i'll tell ya, she's gonna be embarrassedwhen this thing gets cashed.she will be embarrassed. she missed a zero.moira, she missed a zero or two.i... you know what?i'm gonna call her. i'mcalling her right now,that... what a cheap-ass amount!turn your light off, john.your sister is a cheap ass.cheap ass.we're planning a surpriseparty for your mother.listen to the wordscoming out of your mouth.then you plan it.no!oh, he snap-diva'd!talk to the hand, son,because the ears are no longer working.oh my god.okay, that's not at all how that works.corrected by chriske