what happened? who died?- who died?- did patrick die?no, patrick didn't die, david.then why did you startleme awake like this?my mind went straight to somekind of unthinkable tragedy.like something really,really bad happened.oh. imagine.well, the day didhave a slight singultus- what is she talking about?- a hiccup.- what hiccup? who's hiccuping?okay, david, shush for a minute.


there was a big storm last night.and things got a bit wet.how wet?we've been looking into changing venues.- oh my god. to where? bob's garage?no, his roof was no matchfor the cumulus clouds.i've woken up in a"black mirror" episode.this might be a stupid questionbecause there is like literallynothing you can do about it,but why didn't you guys get a tent?not helping, alexis.because i wanted thewood-fired pizza ovenand we couldn't afford both.someone has to call the officiant.


he's on his way from elmdale.what happened to fabian?!he canceled because of the rain.what kind of adult manrides a penny-farthing?he's a haikuist!well, david... i-i-icould easily step in here.i have a lot to say about...my son getting married...okay.you can barely get through thiswithout crying, so that's a no.a note, i did bring the house downat pat sajak's first wedding.- oh my god.- johnny: oh i remember that."can i buy a vow."i had the studio audiencewrapped around my finger.well, there is one problem solved.so let's leave the rest to me, okay?we have money now andthe last thing i wantis to leave town with somecheap-ass, soggy wedding.- mhmm.- okay.what if the sun comesout and everything's fine.fuck!fuck! fuck! fuck!- yep.- mhmm.where are you going?!moira: somewhere safe.okay. we should've gotten a tent.- i didn't need pizza that badly.- wow, let's not get crazy.no, we should havegotten married indoors.you said indoor weddings are tacky.no. i said most weddings are tacky.and they often take place indoors.- hm. david... we all know how muchthe success of thiswedding means to you.so we are going to make theabsolute best of today, okay?and regardless of how that happensor where that happens,at the end of the day,i am going to kiss thatworried-looking face of yoursand call you my husband.and that's the only thing that matters.okay,i just refuse to get marriedin roland's living room.i have to draw the line somewhere.okay. okay.besides those carpetsdo not photograph well.all right, i am heading to the motelto sort all this out with your dad.in the meantime,i have arranged for a massageto chill you out a little bit.so you can just lie down, relaxand not talk until wehave a plan, all right?how did you book amassage so last-minute?oh no, all this was planned weeks ago.just had a hunch you wouldn'thandle stress well today.okay, i've been handlingthe stress just fine.you had like threebagels in half an hour.- they were a mistake.- it's all taken care ofand i've told them weneed you calm today.so just let them do their job. okay?okay. i just feel likei need to be around for...goodbye, david.don't neglect the lighting.okay. love you, too.love you. thanks."hello, you.are-are we all ready to spinthe wheel of life today?"even vanna white didn'tlaugh at that one.alexis, have i ever told youhow bewitching you are.- it's a compliment.- no. i know. i'm sorry.i'm just feeling like,a little emotional today.is it david? did he saysomething to upset you?he can be very cruel, butit's all fear-based, dear.so please don't take it personally.no, i just realized thatthis is like the last time- that we're all gonna be here.- no.- like this.- stop.like, soon i won't be ableto just like come in hereand say hey.no, i think you'll besurprised at how quicklyyou'll appreciate the luxury of privacy.i remember there was like a whole yearthat we just didn't even see each other.that's not true.unless it was the year i bookedthat international campaignfor looky-loo binoculars.i'm just saying...a part of me feels like...i'm almost glad that we lost the money.well, i'm happy you and yourfeeling are so well acquainted.but you wouldn't be the first hostageto fall in love with their captor.i love you very muchokay. okay.and i'm here if you needany help with your speech.no, i'm good, but thank you.thank you, i needed amoment of levity today.- boop.- oh.woo!okay.i think you're very good at this,or the half pill i just took kicked in.or both.because i am feelingvery calm right now.well, that's good,because your neck islike a block of granite.okay. are we sure that's not just muscleyes.all right, you answeredthat too quickly.- relax.- mhmm.take a deep inhale.and a big exhale.good.now do that consistentlyfor the rest of this massage.okay.- can i have you flip on your back?- sure.deep inhale.deep breath out.ooh.okay, team, we only have a few hours,so we need to act fast.- it's raining. what's the plan?okay. well, roland,you've got some pull here,we need a venue, and don't say...our living room is yours, johnny.and we still have somebaby sprinkle decorationsgathering dust.oh, as david's maid-of-honor,i'm gonna shut that down on his behalf.ray, you don't needto be documenting this.i was told to capture the day.ray, i don't think thisis a part of the daythat anybody is gonna wanna remember.can you say that again for the camera?i know the florist.i can see if she can throwin some extra flowers.ronnie, you don't seem torealize we don't have the time.johnny, when i say iknow the florist, i mean,i know the florist.- oh.- yes! ronnie! that's great!- thank you so much.- i'm doing this for david.of course you are.i can free up the café betweenthe lunch and dinner rush.yeah, i guess we coulduse the garage for parking.we just have to keep a space clearin case gwen comes back.well, thanks, bob,but it's really hard to talk parkingwhen we don't even knowwhere we're holding the thing.well, the closest place tothere would be the town hall.what about the town hall, johnny?i mean, david's gonnahave a heart attack,but it... it could work.okay, david. we've managedto secure a venue for tonight,and i really don't want tohear anything but enthusiasmfrom you when i tell you.you are shockingly calm for david rose- on his wedding day.- i am.so where are we getting married?- an indoor parking garage?- those were all full.we uh, we managed to getthe town hall for the night.and-and it's dry, andeverybody is chipping in,and your dad has promised methat he has everything under control.- okay. fine.- are you okay?i mean, listen,just because i didn'thave the town hall...on my mood board doesn'tmean we still can't have fun.and as long as my husbanddoesn't stand me up at the altar,i don't care where we get married.wow.that massage really did a number, huh?- uh, yeah. that was the first timei've ever received a happy ending.sorry, what did you just say?the happy ending thatthe masseur gave me.i've always heard of things like that,but i've never actually gotten one.did you have to pay extra for that?i didn't pay for a happyending! i paid for a massage!he gave you a happyending?! on our wedding day?!i thought you wanted that?!see, this is what ray should be filming.why... would i want youto get a happy endingfrom a stranger onour wedding day, david?you tell me!because i was stressed out!and you told me that youwanted to de-stress me.i just assumed you knewwhat you were paying for!i was both shocked and impressed!oh...okay, but to be clear, youdidn't stop it from happening?okay, marcia clark?court's adjourned for the day.this is unbelievable.at no point was that ever discussed.all i did, was leavean envelope full of cashand a note that said totake very good care of you.and now that i've saidthose words out loud,i can see how a certain kind of personwould interpret that the wrong way.okay, but was it good at least?- do not answer that. was it? don't.okay.i think stevie and i shouldprobably go get ready.leave you to put your little suit on.- mhmm.- okay?nothing compares to you.my... husband-to-be.i love you.this is gonna make for avery strange story one day.oh yeah, absolutely.okay. we will meet you at town hall.- mhmm.- okay?oh my god.ah, everybody,i'd like to thank youall for coming out today,and uh helping to savedavid and patrick's big day.and on a personal note,i'd like to thank you all...for helping to save my familyover these past few years.i don't think we couldhave gotten throughwithout you all...jocelyn, i thought ronnie'sin charge of the flowers.well, yeah, but youcan never have enough.and you said to spare no expense so.i did. i didn't think we'd betaking is it quite so literally.i mean, i think we'vegotta rein this in a bit.oh johnny, come on.just enjoy it, okay?you're gonna be gone soon.you're gonna miss this place.i will be back, roland.my son still lives here.no, i know there is that,but... you are gonna be gone gone soon.something can fall fromthe ceiling and just gobffggghhh! i'm dead!okay.- not me though, i'm prepared.- all right.okay, everybody, back to work!***- yes!- oh!oh my god! you're getting married today!i am. and according tothe wedding schedule,you're supposed to bedressed and ready to greet me.greet you?- what is that?- thank you, david.you look very expensiveand gorgeous too.it's-it's white. you'rewearing a white dress.duh. it's black and white themed.what was i supposed to show up in pink?or black! you're wearing a wedding dress- to my wedding!- this is not a wedding dress.it's a white, floor-length gown.- it's very different.- did it come with a veil?- no. it came with a headdress.- a what?it came with like awhite, tulle, headdress,but i thought it overwhelmed the dressso i decided not to wear it.you're walking me down theaisle in a wedding dress.everyone is gonna think we'regetting married to each other.ugh! come in.- you look nice.- thank you.now, stevie, as my maid-of-honor,does it not look like alexisis wearing a wedding dress?or just like a dressthat happens to be white?i don't wanna get involved.you don't have a choice.you work for me today.so much for the massage.i mean,i don't think it's gonnalook like a wedding dressunless you guys arestanding next to each other.she's walking me down the aisle!i don't think you should worry about it.i'm sure this town hasseen far weirder things.okay. everybody chill.my brother is getting married today.still feels so weird to say that,so drink up, david.it's your big day. and we love you.- right, stevie?- right?hm.- is that a bow in the back?- don't, david.♪♪♪ ohhhh, i was so lost ♪♪ didn't know whatto do with myself ♪♪ i was my own worst enemy♪ i was lost, oh i needed help ♪♪ then you came along♪ and saw the state i was in♪ you picked me up when i was down ♪♪ showed me how to live again♪ this is preciouslove, precious love ♪♪ no i can't let it go♪ this is precious love,and it's teaching me ♪♪ everything i need to know♪ this is love, love♪ love, love, love♪ precious love (yes)♪ love, love, love, love♪ love, precious love♪ oooohhhhhhokay, can you please stop doing that?- you're making me nervous.- i'm sorry.i've just like, i've beenthinking a lot about it,and i think you're right.i know. about what?like i think i'mwearing a wedding dress.- oh, i know that.- i really wanted to impress you today.and now i feel like i'mruining your wedding.i think you're givingyourself a lot of credit.my wedding was already ruined.but for what it's worth,i am continuously impressed by you.now can you pleasewalk me down the aislebefore people lose interest?hey david,- it would be my honor.- okay.- hey, i love you.- hm.♪ take my heart andmake it stronger ♪♪ you're simply the best ♪♪ ohhh-ooooohh-ohhh ♪♪ better than all the rest ♪♪ ohhh-ooooohh-ohhh ♪♪ better than anyone ♪♪ ohhh-ooooohh-ohhh ♪♪ anyone i ever met ♪is it me, or do they looklike husband and wife?- ♪ i'm stuck on your heart ♪- kind of.♪ i hang on every word you say ♪♪ ohhh-ooooohh-ohhh ♪♪ tear us apart ♪♪ ohhh-ooooohh-ohhh ♪♪ baby, i would rather be dead ♪♪ you're simply the best ♪♪ tam, tam ♪♪ ooooohhhh ♪- ♪ you're simply the best ♪- ♪ ooooohhh ♪good...good evening, everyone,welcome to the marriage ofpatrick brewer and david...david rose.we are gathered here todayto celebrate the lovebetween two people,whose lives wereostensibly brought togetherby the fated flap of a butterfly wing.it is all but impossible to explainwhy things happen the way they do.our lives are like little bébé crows,carried upon a curious wind.and all we can wish, for our families,for those we love,is that that windwill eventually placesus on solid ground.and i believe it's donejust that for my family here.in this little town.in the middle of nowhere.okay. i think we're good.okay.and now i will ask david rose- and patrick...- brewer.brewer.to exchange their vows.david.i can't believe this is happening.i'm gonna keep this very shortbecause i think you already knowthat i would climb athousand mountains for you.so i'll just say this:you will always... be a part of me.♪ and i'm part of you indefinitely ♪♪ boy don't you knowyou can't escape me ♪♪ 'cause you know you'llalways be my baby ♪♪ and we'll linger on♪ time can't erase afeeling this strong ♪♪ no way you'renever gonna shake me ♪♪ ooh darling 'causeyou'll always be my baby ♪david?ugh, yes.patrick...i've never liked a smileas much as i like yours.i've never felt as safeas i do when i'm with you.i've never known love,like i have when we're together.it's not been an easy road for me.but... knowing that you willalways be there for meat the end of it, makes everything okay.patrick brewer,you are my happy ending.patrick,do you take davidto be your lawfully wedded husband?i do.and david.david. do you take patrickto be your lawfully wedded husband?i do.i now pronounce you husband and husband.you may kiss each other.wooo!well, you did such agreat job, sweetheart.i don't know how you do it.oh, someone has to hold it together?there's a time andplace for sentimentality,and your only son's weddingday is hardly the moment.moira!- it's 6:00 a.m., john.i'm moving as fast as i can.hmm.well, i guess this is it.you know after our goodbyes last nightroland mentioned a going away gift,i guess he forgot.i personally would not have missed thisfor the whole wide world.david: okay. you're only saying that'cause you haven't gone to bed yet.i'm going to missyou, mr. and mrs. rose.- oh.- thank you, stevie,that's awfully sweet.yes, just as sweet as the liqueurwafting off your breath.i also didn't go to bed last night.you take care of the place, stevie.and uh, if you get the chance,room 7 needs a turndown.okay.well, safe travels, mr. and mrs. rose.david and i can't waitto host you at our placewhen you come back to visit.oh, thank you, patrick.oh, the couriers are comingfor the bulk of the luggage.- yeah, today. yes.- this afternoon.okay. make sure thegirls are shipped in an...temperature controlledcargo container. aha.okay. bye, kids.okay. bye.i love you!love you.- okay.- love you!- bye, son.- i'll see you soon.i'm so proud of us. i'm so proud.- bye, honey.- bye, dad.- i love you!- i love you too.moira: we love you!love you.johnny: wait! stop the car!what is it?just wanted one last look.driver, we're ready.