okay, stevie, i told youi didn't wanta jokey bachelor party.also, my t-shirt is missingthe "with".oh, no, i had yourscustom-made.- okay.- now,before i tell you whati have planned...for tonight's festivities,i think we can all agreethat putting me in chargeof your joint bachelor partywas a big mistake, right?- i'm sure it's gonna be great.- absolutely.and the fact that you guyswanted it to be


the "bachelor partyof your dreams"only added extra,totally unnecessary pressure- to the whole thing.- 'kay, stevie,- we never said that.- oh no, you didn't.david sent me a seven-pagee-mail with the subject line,"the bachelor partyof my dreams".we will be happy withwhatever you've planned.- right, david?- yes.just depends onwhat she's planned.oh.oh...david, you wanted somethingchic and elegant.i have arranged for a nightof customized appetizersand cocktailsat the wobbly elm.


wow, that's bleak.but thank you...for planning that.- there we go.- mm.- patrick...- yeah.- you just wanted one thing.- mm-hmm.so before we indulge inan elegant night of shots,we will all experiencethe thrillof elmdale's finestand only...escape room.- yes!- okay,isn't that a jodie foster movie?no, david, that ispanic room.an escape room is like a,a fun group gamewhere you're trappedin a roomand you have to solveall these puzzles to get out.you lost meat fun group game.i'm sorry, my family agreedto this?your family hasn't respondedto a single email,so they will be doingwhat we tell them to do.is there anything elseon my listthat we could do this evening?if you could come up withthe moneyfor the tahitian dolphincruise,i'd happily change plans. no?don't say a word.*schitt's creek*season 06 episode 11episode title: "the bachelor party"aired on: march 17, 2020so i leaned in and i said,"tippy, i'll take the job...for a hundred grand morethan clifton,and a diamond tennis bracelet."what was the bracelet for?dramatic effect. symbolism.and you said nicole kidmanis starring in it?oh, it doesn't matterwho's starring!i don't think the pointis getting across.no, no, i get it.it's just that a lot of peoplewould have a really hard timesaying noto that kind of work,especially when you spentthe last three yearstalking about how badlyyou wanted to get outtathis place.oh, we're stillon course.oh, you know what they say,when one door closes,the floodgates open.you got another job?say hello, ladies,to the new spokespersonof an international airline.oh my gosh, mrs. rose!you're gonna be in a commercialfor an airline?!radio, yes.voiceover workis every actor's dream.- well, i'm glad you're happy.- thank you!i have to admit, mrs. rose,these past few weeks,i feel like i've been waitingon a famous person.twyla,you're not waiting ona famous person.she's already arrived!- 'kay, what's going on?- hey, guys, come on in!close the door.johnny, this better be good.i got a hot little bltover at the caféand i don't wanna keep herwaitin'.i got some big news.i've been, uh, reaching outto some old business contactsabout potentially investingin a motel franchise,and i got a very positiveresponse todayfrom mike morrison,my former assistant,who's now a big venturecapitalist.- ooh, wow!- okay, so what does this mean?more, more money?possibly.i'm listening.well, i don't wanna putthe cart before the horse here,but i have a feelingthis is a prospectwe can all get very excitedabout!but what does this mean?do they wanna invest?do they like the idea?well, they haven't heardthe idea yet.i gave him a teaserin my last e-mail.and, uh, we'll have to takea meeting with himand, you know,do a formal pitch.sure. well,when's the meeting?we don't actually havea meeting yet,but he is calling today, so...johnny, i'm sorry,i was so busybeing excited like you asked,that, um, i think i missedsomething here.do we have an investoror do we have a meeting?we might.and i want you to keep thisinformation to yourself.i don't want the family findingout and getting their hopes up.i'm pretty sure i can keepthis one to myself.okay. yeah,i don't know about me.i mean, if the local papersask me about the rumourthat you might be gettinga phone call...all right, all right,you know what, roland?you can go and finishyour sandwich now.thank you.and by the way, johnny,you should check to make surethis place isn't bugged.we wouldn't want the big newsto leak out!it is big news...probably.hi.what, uh, um...are those... sweatpants?yeah, i started gettingdressed for workand i got distracted.what could have possiblydistracted you enough- to do that to yourself?- it died, david.okay, if you're talkingabout your style,we can bring it back to life.ted gave this to me.it's like the one thing leftof our relationship- and it's gone.- 'kay,i would argue that you stillhave your memories.this weird little desert- daisy thing...- it's a succulent.literally not supposed to die,and yet it did.like what does that sayabout me?i think that's a longerconversation.but here's one thingthat'll make you feel good:my bachelor party tonight.i'm pretty sure i told steviethat i couldn't come,or like i started sending heran email saying that.i don't know, i just...i can't seem to do anythingright now.mm-hmm. i never thoughti'd have to say this,but there is only spacein this familyfor one unstable sibling,and i have held that titlefor a very long time,so you are going to haveto get it together.david, i don't havea boyfriend anymore.i'm like trying get my businessoff the ground,but honestly, like how manypeople in this townneed a publicist?like, what am i doing?well, as of 7:30 tonight,you will be thoroughly enjoyingyourself at my bachelor party.so, why don't you take a coupleof mom's happy pillsand we can just put thiswhole situation on ice- until tomorrow?- no, i can't.i have to escort a clientto a meeting.- alexis!- ugh!are you almost ready,dear?the airline will not beimpressedif we don't have an on-schedulearrival at the studio.oh, david, is it all rightif i don't watch panic roomwith everyone tonight?jo foster once screened itfor me privatelyand i would like to keep thatmemory safe.it's an escape room followedby a really sad reception,and everyone will beparticipating.thank you so much!- stevie?- yeah?i got this picture of davidback from the printer.- i hope it's big enough.- oh my god, this is perfect!are you sure we can't movethe bachelor partyto the motel here?we can bring out some games,and, you know, escape from...one room to the other.this is just a bad timeto be away from the business.ah... bachelor party, right?yeah, it's just for family.well, i think godfatheris part of the family,is he not?roland, i need you manningthe phones.take it easy,johnny, okay?not that it's gonna happen,but i'll come runningwhen ike morrison calls.you mean mike morrison.you're waiting on a callfrom him, too?that's the only calli'm expecting.no, you said you were waitingon a call from "ike" morrison.i don't know an ike morrison.mike morrison was my assistantfor 3 years,i think i know whathis name is.well, that's what i thought!so i was confused whena mike morrison calledafter you said ike morrison...mike morrison called?!- yeah.- well, give me the number!you know, maybe this is whyroland shouldn't be in chargeof phones.hey!hello? oh, voicemail.uh, mike, mike.hi, it's johnny rose calling.sorry i didn't get yourmessage.uh, a few technicaldifficulties on our end,but, uh, it's johnny rosecalling.uh, johnny rose callingyou back.uh, bye.oh, i don't know.h-how did that sound?is there an optionto redo it?uh... no.- yeah, it was fine.- okay.i don't think you mentionedyour name.the copy's onthe stand.we'd like for you to read itexactly as written.oh wow, a prolific amountof material.and i am being paidfor each spot, so hah!oh, uh, we agreed to a flatrate with your publicist.well, there'll be nothingflat about my performance.okay.whenever you're ready, moira.just start at the top, and...high energy.con brio, si!"we really care...at larry air."i like that, it's snappy."we really care...just roll right through.just go on to the next line,please."a deal so rare,it's larry air.""never flown larry air?try larry air."oh, that's a touch uninspired.alexis?alexis!i'd rather not use that one.okay, so i'm being told justto read through them alland then we'll figure it outafter, okay?and higher energy.higher..."get yourderriere on larry air..."that's a bit chummyfor an airline.couldn't we maybe take a momentto rework some of these?the client's not here.it's my job just to get youto say the words."larry air.we'll take you from there...to here..."now that should switched,shouldn't it? you should...alexis, i can't work like this!no.alexis!i'm so sorry. this is likethe first offer i could getafter that whole "sunrise bay"thing went down, and i...i thought it would get youback out there,but i did not know thatit would be this.have i made a terriblemistake, alexis?is this the lowest pointof my life?okay, look whoyou're talking to.i haven't showered in liketwo days.is this the lowest pointof my life?thought you should knowthat we can hearyour entire conversation.ooh... okay.you should not have to do this,so you start the carand i will cover for you.oh, alexis, no.no, dear,i could not let you do thatfor me.just hit "record"."try oneof our in-flight meals,if you dare... at larry air."i'm sorry, this is not...this is not good, so.hmm, hmm, hmm!okay, well, um, i would justlike to welcome everybodyto our... bachelor party.is anyone else not gettinga signal in here?- i thought there were drinks.- that's after.okay, how about half of usdo the escape room,and then the other half of usget a table at the bar?okay, how 'bout you shhfor a sec.now, this will all go a lotsmootherif we just accept the factthat this is something wehave to do, and that patrick,for some reason, thinks thisis gonna be... fun!- fun!- here he is.hi, hi, hi. sorry, it took meforever to find a spot.- that's okay!- who's excited, huh?!- oh, hah-hah.- oh... huzzah.so i guess you're allwondering uh...- what're we doing here?- hmm...but, uh, the annual escaperoom challengehas been a brewer familytradition for a long time,and i thought it could be funto share it with my new family,since mine couldn't be here,so.have they passed?well, i'm sure i speak forall of us when i sayi hope we escape very quickly.that'sthe spirit, mr. rose. yes.players, are youready to enter the laboratory?oh, i think so.place allelectronic devicesinside the scientist's lockboxand enter at your own risk.- okay, here we go.- oh my god.it's gonna be fun.charles darwinis being held captiveby his arch-nemesis,rival scientist,dr. alfred r. wallace,somewhere in the galapagosislands.what?!you have one hourto escape. it's your job to...this is a galapagos-themedroom!i didn't plan this part.it was just called"the laboratory."and i picked it'cause it was the easiest.there are rumoursthat wallace's assistantsides with darwinand may be willing to helpif you get stuck.there's our lucky break.assistant, show us the exit.don't worry,i'm also in the guild.that's uh, that's not exactlyhow it works, mrs. rose.we do actually haveto try first.okay. so, the numbers for thecombination on darwin's journalare gonna be on fincheswith red beaks."traveling eastto west,the numbers on the beakswill get you to the nest."i have a compass on my phone.uh, when do we get our phonesback?well, you don't actually needa compass, mr. rose.it's, uh, more likea brain teaser.so, uh, we'll cover more groundif we pair off into teams.so stevie and mr. rose,uh, alexis and, and david,and, uh, mrs. rose,why don't you help me out?oh, i'd love nothing more,patrick.mrs. rose, i'm sensing youthat you might bea little bit distracted,but unfortunately,there is a time limiton us getting out of here.oh, i used to share yourphilosophic optimism, dear,but know the reality is,we're never getting outof here.i wouldn't be so sure.just found a finch.the first number is six,people!okay. okay, see this is whyi don't like mind games.it puts you in a situationwhere you're made to feel dumb,even though you're not.like, some people's mindsjust don't work like this.maybe i made a mistake?i did tell you to wearsensible heels today,and i'm not sure this outfitis entirely appropriate.no, i mean about not goingto the galapagos.like i'm having a hard timenot taking this as a sign.okay, we're in a strip mallon the side of the highway.i really wouldn't readinto this.also, as stupid as this is,i'm now invested.you know, there was a time,before we got here,that i would've like goneanywhere and done anything,no questions asked.like, what if i'm just losingmy edge?all right, if this'll help meescape this conversation:yes, it would have beena mistake to go.- okay, go on.- well, what were you gonna do?follow another guy aroundthe world?yeah, but what am i doinghere?setting mom up with second-rateradio gigsfor regional airlines?'kay, well, i don't know,where do you wanna be then?- there.- where?no, the finch.second row, in the middle.trust me, stavros and i usedto make outin his parents' aviary.okay, we have the secondnumber!the second number is eight!'kay, i'm gonna start lookingfrom the top here.excuse me, assistant?uh, any chance of gettingour phones back?i know, i'm aware ofthe no-phones situation,but i need minefor a business...see, i don't knowwhat this means.i heard a rumour you're onour side,and i'm, i'm waiting onan important call.i found it!i found it!i found the third finch.- okay. okay!- it's four, david. four.6-8-4.okay!six...eight...four...ah-hah-hah!ahh! ahhh!- woo!- yes!'kay. it says "naturalselection."- ahh!oh my god!well, good work, team!now who's driving me to drinks?outta my way! outta my way!okay, there's no key in here.there is no key in here.that's just the first puzzle,david.it's a series of puzzles.- what?!- wait, wait, everyone!i hear my phone ringing.that's the phonei was talking about.so if i could just leavethe lab for one minute...you have 52 minutesto escape.52 minutes!hey, david, everyone heardthe time, all right?52, people!let's go! come on!blow on them, david! you haveto blow on the circles, david!you have to blow on the circlesuntil they're blue.- i'm blowing!- blow harder, david!oh my god, you blow on them!you blow on the circles then!use this! use this thing!- 'kay, this is a good idea.- 'kay. oh!- oh my god!- yes!- oh my god!- yes! ahhh! yes!one more! one more!yay!it didn't do anything.oh! oh! it's uh...- what is that?- it's a flashlight?oh yeah! oh my god,this game is actually fun.see? i told you!you're only saying thatbecause you got one right!oh, your time will come,david.- please just give us the key.- the key, or our phones!either way!no, the key!john, what is this newfoundobsession with your device?dad, what's the big dealwith the phone?just tell them, mr. rose.okay. well, i didn't wantto get ahead of myself,but i'm waiting on a callfrom my old assistant.and we may have a meetingto get an investorfor the rosebud motel group.well, john, what,what does this mean?well, potentially, therecould be a big influx of moneyto turn rosebud motels into a...- into a full franchise.- oh!well, why didn't you saythis before? get the phone!oh, i don't know. we'realmost finished the game, so.- you can use my phone, john!- you still have your phone?!we all have our phones!well, his number's inmy phoneand my phone i can't getunless i get outta thisdamn room!okay, i've usedthe cluesto turn the dialson the flashlight,and it spells out england.so, thank you, my weekendwith tom hardy...england is here.it says something."i'm tall when i'm youngand short when i'm old."candle.how are you doing this?what?- laser. laser's pointing at...- okay, i got this, patrick.okay, this is an ancientegyptian symbol for stability.my friend prairie got onetattooed on her lower-back- in seventh grade.- okay,what does that mean?!it means that we need to findsomething from egypt.so like mummies, rami malek,a...a pyramid.what?!- and there it is.- try it in the door!congratulations!you have outwitted darwin'snemesis...ah! mummy and alexissolved the puzzle!- how did she do that?- i dunno.i don't knowhow you did that.that was actually prettyimpressive, alexis.thanks! i just like wantedto get to the drinks.- uh-huh.- congratulations!professor darwin would bevery proud.can i just have my phone,please?thank you.- okay.- four voicemails!- yes?- put it on speaker!okay, is that the buttonwith the arrow?that's the button that says"speaker"!- speaker button!- ooh!"john,call me when you can.we need an excuse to get outof the escape room thing."- okay, skip that. skip it.- i have something..."hi, just reminding youthat you can't bailon the escape room thing,even though all of us want..."yeah, i don't think we needto keep...i actually wanna hearthat one.- i don't think so.- "johnny,it's mike morrison,returning your call."- this is it!- "just read your proposaland i think it's a solid idea,my friend.would absolutely love to takea meeting.let's say 4pm tuesdayat the new york office?"oh my go- did i just hear that?- oh, john!did i just... is that whathe just said?!oh my god!oh!we got a meeting!oh-ho-ho!yeah!- why am i still holding this?- okay, okay.thank you!we got a meeting!so, for someone who isall about signs,what do you think it meantthat you were the onethat got us out ofthe galapagos?honestly? like...being in a high-pressuresituation,with time running out and a lotof people yelling at me,it just like... made me feellike myself again.well, mission accomplished.and you're out of yoursweatpants,so things are looking up.i think it might be timeto let go of that succulent.okay, i've been thinkingabout that.do you think that maybe it diedbecause it outgrewits little pot?no, i watched you slowlykill it.like maybe it realizedthat it...missed the bigger potsthat it used to grow in...and maybe it can't live upto its full potentialin such a small space?david, i'm starting to feelthat i'm a lot like the plant.i was tracking the metaphor,but um...what're you saying?i don't know.like maybe it's timei think about beingsomewhere else,finding a bigger potto grow in.oh...before we findourselves ebriouswith hooch and happiness,may i say how very proud allof us are on this day of days.well, we did say no speeches,so...- your father...- guess they listened.with his pecuniary savvyand intrepidationhas turned what began asa katzenjammer of a dayinto one filled with faith,hope and love.well, thank you,sweetheart.well, i think we haveforgotten why we're here.it is our bachelor party.also, whoever chosethose photos,they were not approved.