schitt's creek - s04e01"dead guy in room 4"ah!ha, now that is what icall a beautiful morning!looks like another full house tonight.things are startingto look up, sweetheart.big waves! big waves!oh yes. yes, tidal waves of prosperityare crashing down, all around us.soon enough. you just wait.hey partner, what's the good word?there's a dead guy in room 4.


what? whadda ya meanthere's a dead guy in...come in, come in.did i hear what i think i heard?- has someone been killed?- no.no! no, john, no. no!i have endured a cornucopiaof trauma that last few years,i draw the line atliving in a crime scene.okay, nobody's been murdered, mrs. rose.i went in to clean room 4,and this old guy waslike, asleep in his bed.but like, forever asleep.like, checked outwithout paying, asleep.okay, i think it's a littleearly for humor, stevie.oh, i'm sorry, did youjust see a dead body?


what did this gentleman look like?- i don't know, like old.- john old? or old, old?well, i don't quite see the relevancein that question,moira, the man is dead.i mean we can't have theother guests finding outabout a dead body in one of the rooms.- ugh!- ew! there's a dead body- in one of the rooms?- okay, i always knewthere'd be a murder here eventually.i'm gonna go pack up mythings, i assume we're moving?we're not packing up our things,and everybody just calmdown. nobody's been murdered.okay, the old man in room4 died alone in his sleep.why do i find that scenario evenmore bone-chilling than murder?stevie, do we know how this man expired?do i look like a coroner?i don't think you want peopleanswering that question.it feels like every time themotel sells out, someone dies.uh, we've only sold out one night.exactly.-- corrected by chriske ---- synced by boba&misia --so you and patrick aresitting in his car last night,and you just leaned in and kissed him?okay, what part of this conversation- don't you understand?- okay, and he wanted that.yes.like he told you that he wanted that.fall off a bridge, please.you gave me such a hard timefor getting involved with ted,and then you just... frenchyour business partnerliterally the second he peekshis head out of the closet.i'll have you know thisis the healthiest first dayof a relationship i've ever had.well, all i know is that patrick isa sweet little button face, david,so don't mess this up.oh good,i'm glad you're both still here.we're gonna need yourroom for the night,so uh, pack up.- um, no.- absolutely not.the motel is sold outand we're unable to removea body, and disinfect room 4,in time for check-in.okay, every inch of thatsentence made me sick.i agree with david, wemust all move on from this.- did i say that?- well there's no use wasting timeworrying about what happened?we're not worrying aboutwhat happened, moira,we're trying to find a solution,and i'm gonna need the familyto help us through this.okay, why don't the newguests stay in your room?it'll take day just tore-box your mother's wigs.oh my god, can you imagine?not one of you is trained.okay, bottom line, we need the room,so throw some things in a bagand we're gonna set you up in our room.okay, i've never just thrownsome things in a bag before,so you might have to give me a minute.yeah, and i'm gonna besleeping somewhere else.- same.- like literally anywhere else.yeah, like an old tent bythe side of the highway.okay, enough, let's get going, please?yes, yes, plenty of work to be done.unfortunately my previousengagements preclude mefrom offering my beneficencearound the motel today.john, i hate to leave you like this!yeah, i know, moira,you know, busy busy.- i want the room cleaned up in an hour.- okay.um, i'm gonna need aroll of dry-cleaning bags,and some padlocks.okay, so roland knows aguy at the coroner's office.- wait, you told roland?- yes.i don't know, i-i ran into him,and he asked me how i was.- well, that's not good, stevie.- no, i might have panicked.i wouldn't trust rolandwith a set of chopsticks,- let alone a dead body!- yeah.- oh, hello!- hello.checking out?hello, johnny. stevie.i come bearing good news.okay, roland, as you can see,mr. rose is checkingout a guest right now,so maybe you can holdoff on that good news?oh sure, i got it.uh, well let me just say this,re the toilet that died in room 4,the plumber will be here in a few hours.he said he'd be here sooner,but he has another autopsy.toilet on the fritz.okay, so, what'd the coroner say?my guys will be here between 4 and 5.well, that's not good,we can't have the guestswatching a dead bodybeing dragged out of here.so probably best to keepyour guests in their rooms.and, how're we gonna do that?do the rooms lock from the outside?we're not locking the guestsin their rooms, roland.well, i'm sure they'll be fine, johnny.i saw a lot of deadbodies when i was a kid,und i would say thati turned out pretty okay.hmm.- thank you very much.- bye.- alexis!- oh my god, ted, hey!um, was there like a petmassacre, or something?what is with all thesesad looking people?uh, nope, all theseperfectly happy-looking peopleare actually applying for your old job.i literally just quit, ted.again, quit impliesa negative connotationand i'd say that we had apretty fun time working together.we did have a pretty fun time.that's not what i meant,but anyway, what's up?oh, i just wanted to thank you againfor coming to my graduation yesterday.it was a very sweet surprise.oh, it was my pleasure.- here.- oh, thanks.and, i also had a question.uh yeah, alexis, i'd loveto answer that question,it's just i'm kindof right in the middleof interviewing these people, so.okay, yeah, totally. i will just um...um... i actually used to work here.this used to be my desk, so.you know, now that you're here,i guess you could sit inon the interviews with me.oh. okay, sure.now, everybody, just so you know,i got a job here,and i have literallyzero interest in animals,so you guys are already like, way ahead.- okay.- so...have fun!- hi.- hey.so, someone's been busy.oh yeah, yeah, i've been up since 5.could not sleep, been thinking about...stuff, you know, last night.regrets?what? no, why would i have regrets?i don't know, i think it'sa, just a habit to ask.no, no, no, no. no regrets.no, i feel good. i feel like a...weight's been sortalifted off my shoulders.it's all very new, you know,and it's a lot to process but...well, here's something fun.um... what if i stayedat your place tonight?huh.it's just that there's some thingshappening at the motel, and i...yeah, uh, sorry david,maybe i haven't been clear,i'm gonna need to take this a lot slowerthan a sleepover tonight.oh okay, not like a sleepover sleepover.i think it's importantthat i be honest with youabout how i'm feeling,because i know you have a lotof experience in this area,- but for me...- oh my god, no,i mean yes, i do, but that'snot what i'm implying. that's...ding-a-ding.oh hey, mrs. rose.um, just takin' this to the back.we'll talk about this later.okay, yeah, it's just some crossed...wires. may i help you?it's startlingly quiet in here, david.is that a good sign?i thought you were booked up all day,and that's why you couldn'thelp dad with the dead b-- that thing in the motel.- i am booked up, david.you should see my schedule.i'm positively bedeviledwith meetings, etc.what are you doing here?you know what i'd love? a tea.we don't sell tea.um, you know, i was gonnago make a run to the cafe,- i could get you a tea if you want.- no, that's not necessary.how serendipitous. thank you, peter.- it's patrick.- anything else?nothing else for me,thank you, just the scone.- you mean the tea?- why not. thank you.okay, i was in the middleof like a pretty important conversation,with my business partner, so...sorry david, i had nowhere else to turn.it's probably nothing, buti think i've killed a man.i don't know what to do, david.the last time i felt thisemotionally encumbered,i was playing lady macbethon a crystal skies cruise shipduring shakespeare at sea week.okay, well i don'tknow what to do either,because you still haven'ttold me what exactly happened.one tea for you.one caramel macchiatoskim, 2 sweeteners,and a sprinkle of cocoa powder for you.thank you.you're very speedy.thanks. i wasn't sure about the scone,so i got one just to be safe.there's nothing wrong withtreating yourself, dear.okay.okay, i am pretty sure thathe's ready to quit on me,- so can you please...- very well.how to get started.um, i woke up yesterday morningwith a spring in my step.start later, please.i could never know where the day was...fast forward it.i ran into the elderlygentleman outside his roomand he asked me for a painkiller.- and?- i told him i didn't have one.- okay.- but i did have one.in fact i had severalsample packets in my purse.i had come from the pharmacy,and they were just out in a bowl.but i refused the man,and the next thing i know,he turns up dead!well, why didn't youjust give him the pill?because david,because i can barely cometo terms with the factthat i've resorted tohoarding... sample packetsof a basic headache medication,let alone reveal it to the world.this is what my life has come to, david,killing a man over acomplimentary bolus.okay, well are youeven sure that the pillwould have saved his life?we'll have to let the courts decide.the courts?well, know that you'veunloaded this on me,what am i, an accomplice?david, i came here to betalked off a ledge, not pushed!can you imagine this in prison?can i interject?i know i wasn't supposed to be listeningto this conversation,but it's a small space,and your voice carries so beautifully.- mhm.- mrs. rose, i can saywith 100% certainty, youhave nothing to worry about.well that's very kind of you, dear,but now's not the time forwell-intended placation.you're legally prohibitedfrom supplying medicationto your guests,so by not giving him anythingyou've actually avoidedany potential liability in his death.- well, there we have it then.- thank god you're here pa...- ... trick.- ... trick.you know how david canget carried away, i'm sure.oh, i do.well, i suppose i'll headback to the scene of the crime,with which i had nothing to do.can i ring that up for you?i paid way too much fora wedge of brie last week,so let's call it even.i don't think it works like that.alexis was right, he's a button.thanks.well, hello there, my colleague and iare just checking in to seehow you're enjoying your stay.uh, it is what it is.oh, well that's excellent. excellent.now, will you be headingout this afternoon,- or... hanging around the motel?- uh, i don't know,i'm just trying to getmy kid to take a nap.he just gets cranky if he doesn't, so...ohhhh, my son's the same way.anyway, we just wanted to come by,invite you and yourson to our happy hour,happening in the motellobby between 4 and 5 p.m.you're inviting my son to happy hour?well, wrong choice of words.we... prefer to call it a family hour,if that makes you feel any better.there's gonna be other kids there?- oh, i think,- no.but there is someonestaying with us right nowwho works in a quarry.so, i bet he has a lot of stories.and what kind of kid doesn't like rocks?- yeah.- huh?maybe he'll even get to take one home.ooh.- i'm gonna think about it.- yeah, it's mandatory.it's mandatory?well again, wrong choice ofwords, it's not mandatory,but there is a fee for not attending,so you'll be paying for it either way.what?yeah, so we'll just be by a little laterto escort you to the lobby.in the meantime, youcan put your son to bedand just make sure he'sup and ready to go at 3:55.- okay? bye for now.- bye, thank you.all right, thank you very much,and we will be in touch.i have to admit, alexis,some of your questionswere shockingly effective.i found it very telling how many peoplewould just accept a cocktailfrom a total stranger.hmm, thank you.who would've known thatpaul was allergic to cats?- what was he doing here?- i'm happy to help.you know it is gonna bedifferent around here without you.you definitely had a certain something,and i can't quite put my finger on.- thank you.- thank you.thank you!so you were gonna askme something earlier.oh, sorry yeah, um,so something grosshappened at the motel,so i was actually hoping i couldcrash at your place tonight.yeah, normally that'd betotally okay it's just um,i have a date tonight.oh. fun.okay, um, well maybe icould like drop my stuff- and wait, or...- yeah,it's uh just kinda that um,we may uh, you know, needthe apartment at some point.apartment at some point.my god, like for sex.i don't know why ithought you were single.that's... hmm.yeah, i thought i hadmentioned her, it's heather,the woman with the cat.yes, the woman who wanted youto wash her cat all the time.yeah.i thought that was likea little casual thing.it was and then it sort ofturned into more of a thing.hmm. did. well, good for heather.thirsty little thing, isn't she.um... okay, okay, cool.well um, i should probably go.alexis, wait.who would you hire from today?um, i liked the guy with the glasses.me too.um, or the guy withcystic acne. either or.okay.or the girl with the oilybraid. also very good.okay, lots to think about there.- mhmm.- thank you, alexis.so you told your mom about us, huh.no, i told alexis about us,and she likely told my mom.- okay, listen david...- no you listen...sorry that came off wayharsher than i wanted it to.uh, i know how this looks,especially consideringthat you just told meyou wanted to take things slow,but me wanting to stay at your place,it was more about whatwas happening at...- yeah, i... i know that now.- okay.and i'm sorry for assumingthat you just wanted to stayat my house to... tosleep with me or whatever.no, um, it was purelycircumstantial, you know,because of the dead body at the...right.you know, when you kissed me,that, that felt like my first time.all the things thatyou're supposed to feel,i-i felt them... last night.well, if we're beinghonest with each other,this is sort of like my first time, too.i mean it's not, i've kissedlike a thousand people but...nobody that i... cared aboutor... respected...or thought was nice.so in a way, it's like we'reboth starting something new.thank you, david.and hey, for the record,i-i also respect you and thinkthat you're a good person.hmm.it's just i said nice person.- i know.- oh.i just need you to say nice person.- you're a good person.- that's not nice.well, hello everyone, welcome.welcome. hope you're enjoyingthe cinnamon buns and vodka.we thought it was festive ina... scandinavian sort of way.uh, well what a wonderful opportunityfor all the guests to uh,get to know each other.anyone from out of town?well, that makes sense.you're all staying at the motel.um, oh frank, frank... frank is here.frank who works at a quarry.did you bring some rocksin for the kids, frank?no, i didn't bring any rocks.no rocks? well.john, the gentlemen outsideneed a few more minutes.well, i hope the motelhas been servicing...well hello, all of you. hello, hi.isn't this a glitteringsea of hopeful faces.my lovely wife, moira.- we wanna go outside.- outside.well of course you do, whodoesn't want to go outside?but it's also important tocherish what's going on inside.it's times like these that reminds oneof the fact that we're all still alive.don't you dare take that for granted.one day you're askingfor an anti-inflammatory,the next day you'vepassed away in your sleep!i think we're getting alittle off-topic, sweetheart.the point being, no oneknows when we're going to die!or be implicated in,and then suddenly clearedof someone else's death.so, so, drink up! go outside!and live your lives!and thank you all forspending this hour with us.i hope you enjoyed thecomplimentary refreshments.okay, people, let'sleave the cups inside.we're not in vegas, here. thank you.-- corrected by chriske ---- synced by boba&misia --