david? my nails aren't dry yet.alexis, i stumbled upon tedin the café this morning,he sends his regards.that's nice. um, what did he say?nothing, we merelyexchanged familial smiles.he seemed quite takenwith an older woman,so i thought best not to intrude.love that for him.i mean, that could'vebeen anyone though, right,like a mother, or a close friend?they were canoodling in thebanquette for all to see,


so i'd be rather concerned ifthat were his mother, david.okay. um, in other news,i recently discovered thati'm allergic to pitted fruits.- canoodling?- oh.um... did she have likea braid in her hair?no, no braid. uh,looked more like thick,healthy hair woven together loosely.i can't believe he'sstill dating heather.i know, it's crazy.i believe that was her name, heather.okay, do we have somewhere to be?alexis, he doesn't stillhold any interest for you?no, it's not as if you'vebeen spending all your timeholed up in your room, alone.


yeah, no, i'm justlike taking time for me.- mhmm.- good!that's the most importantrelationship of all.don't you give another thought to ted- and his striking older lover.- okay, i am going for a jog.ok, um, but you're in like a day dress.mhmm, i am.okay, i have never heard someone sayso many wrong things,one after the other,consecutively, in a row.david! how was i to know thatted would be such a trigger,all these years later?a year later, and sheis like right back in it.so you might wanna paya little more attentionto your daughter's life,if only to alleviatethe weight of me havingto deal with it, every day.oh.i... i did call that otherwoman charming, didn't i?striking, i believe was the wordyou used to describe ted's newgirlfriend, who isn't alexis.well to my credit, she was.roland, you're here... early.i've decided it's timei become a team player.well, that's good! andas coach of the team,i'm gonna ask you to takeyour feet off my desk.yeah, yeah, yeah. you know, johnny,i love all this water cooler talk,but let's get down to business.i was lookin' around thisplace, and boom, it hit me!there's a lotta wasted space in here.i mean this should be anarea for guests to comeand mix and mingle.well, i don't think ilike the thought of guestsmingling in my office.that's what their rooms are for.ah, but, do the rooms have a...... beer fridge?- where did this come from?- i brought it over this morning.joce wanted a little extraspace for the new baby,and i thought why not helpout a buddy in the process?and how's this helping me?well, you can sell beersto the guests, johnny,unless of course you'retrying not to make money,which would explain acouple of things here.well of course i'm tryin' to make money.johnny, if it makesany difference to you,i've already sold 2 beersto a fellow staff member.would that staff member be you?yes, it would. i'm gonnahave 'em after lunch.now the big questionis where to put the tv?- what tv?- well, johnny,you can't expect guests tosit around with their beersstaring at you.oh god... you knock me out, kid.okay, you know what, yourjob here is not ceo, roland,you were hired to do somework around the motel.so i'm gonna say no to the tv.okay, johnny, i hearya loud and clear. geez.off to work.i cursed those bears with the little strengththat i could muster up.hi!we're all just hanging out before work?was there a text chainthat i wasn't on, or... ?well, it's not exactly before workthe store opened about25 minutes ago, so.but yes, there is a chain,and no, you're not on it.you're kind. i noticedwe moved the lip balms.yeah, because we gotthese new breath mints inand i wanted to give'em a fighting chanceby putting 'em up near the cash.- huh.- uh oh.what, is something wrong?no, they're just new mintsthat haven't been sampled yet,so for all we know,they could be poison,and we're moving thelip balms, best sellers,all the way to the corner, here.okay, well i don't thinkthat the mints are poison.they're very delicious.point is, these area staple of the store.they're at the cash,people come to the cash- expecting the lip balm.- mhmm.i just wish they had beenconsulted before they were moved.david you move things without consultingme all the time. like the brooms!okay, well they were fuglybrooms with big red handles.they didn't match our sandand stone color palette.well, this is clearlya high stakes situation,so maybe you wanna close thestore down and figure it out.you know, david, one ofthe fundamental pillarsof any successful business personis their ability to compromise.hm, i have to agreewith patrick on this one.i don't think there'sanything you have to do,and i compromise all the time.- what?- nothing, i just um,just remembering all thosetimes that you compromised.i was just thinkingabout the same things,because there, there'sso many to flip through.okay, last week, i let youpick the movie we watched.you made me pick betweentwo sandra bullock vehicles.and you picked "the lake house",which was the correctchoice. just so that you know,making someone choose betweentwo things that you like,is not exactly a compromise.i am fine with compromise.it's just this situationthat's bothering me.so why don't we just puteverything back exactly- as it was, and start again?- so in that case,i know that you wereplanning to go pick upthe tote bags later this afternoon,even though i'd askedyou do to that 2 days ago,so maybe in the interest of compromise,you could go and do that... now?fine.stevie, would you care to join me?- no.- fair enough.so you guys are just gonna stay behindand talk about me after i've left.you know, swap storiesabout how i don't compromise.- yeah, pretty much.- mhmm.here's your tea, mrs. rose.thank you, twyla.so, it looks like i willbe seeing you tonight.why would that happen?well, alexis came by this morningand was really adamantthat we go out tonight.apparently i've been takingtoo much time for myself,and i need to get backout there and meet people.is that so?yeah, i actually had plans tonight,but alexis said it would bebest if i just canceled them.she's gonna help meget ready at the motel,and then we're gonnago to the bar together.always the little philanthrope.though it's possible this outingmight serve you both well.i'm sure you're not aware of this but,our alexis is unfortunatelysuffering a bit of a dry spell.exacerbated by this situationwith... the former lover, ted,and his new girlfriend, harriet?- you mean heather?- i believe it's heather.yeah, um, ted and heatherhave been together for...hm, a while now.they started dating whenalexis was still workingat the vet's office.she says it doesn't botherher, but... sometimes i wonder.always the closed book,our alexis. bless her soul.i've always found her tobe pretty open about things.a closed book that falls openthe second you take it off the shelf.that's enough gossip for today, twyla.no, i'm not comfortablediscussing the intimate detailsof alexis' private life,with her not present.oh, i wasn't gossiping,it was just that you brought it up.so i just wanted toclarify that it was...gossip is the devil's telephone.best to just hang up.i left messages.you did, well i didn't know that.uh, donald seems tothink that you said...what's going on?well, erin brockovichhas just started herjob at the law firm,and she's not gettingthe respect she deserves,- because of the way she dresses.- not the movie!this!oh, well i'm just showinga couple of our guests the set up.turns out, carmine, here,is a big albert finney fan.roland, can i have a word?keep it on pause, boys.yeah, okay, i knowwhat you're gonna say.better than expected, huh?i specifically said no tv.johnny, i thought you were joking.why would you think i was joking?i dunno, maybe it'syour dry wit, you know,that never quite hits the target.you're gonna have tosay goodbye to carmineand his friend.it's his brother, brian.although they could befriends too, i don't know,they could be brothers and friends.guys, how would youdescribe your relationship?- roland?- friendly?you're supposed to beweeding the back lawn today!okay, but for the sakeof customer service,try to chill out, my man.i will chill out whenthe back lawn gets weeded!oh fine.fellas, finish it without me, sorry.i trusted you.sorry about that, i really am.i don't need pity, i need a paycheck.and i've looked, but whenyou spent the past 6 yearsraising babies, it's really hard...has she broken upwith the boyfriend yet?... are you gettin' every word of this down, honey?or am i talkin' too fast for you?hi.hi.notice some of our morediscreet backroom itemsare now on display atthe front of the store.that would have nothingto do with the conversationwe just had before i left, would it?oh, well people havebeen asking for plungers,and uh, you insist onkeeping them hidden awayin the back room becauseyou find them offensive.- hmm.- so, uh,i thought given the demandfor some more basic items,this could be a goodopportunity for you to...make a compromise.okay, i mean if assaulting customerswith the sight of a toilet plungerthe minute they walk in the dooris something that you consider to bean effective business strategy,then that is a compromisethat i am willing to make.are you sure?- look at his face.- look at your face.yes, yes.okay, great.well, then obviouslyyou'll have no problemif i get the toiletbrushes out here, too.is something wrong, david?no.you do this every night you go out?i do this every night.well, look at the two of you.oh you remind me of mydays at the old mudd clubon the lower east side.i remember one regrettably early morningwith johnny thunders.okay, can we help you with something?oh, i'm sorry, can't amother show a little interestin her only daughter's social calendar?so, what establishment arewe going to grace tonight?it's just a bar on the outside of town.and how are we getting around?they don't allow you todrink and drive anymore.we will be taking a cab.no you won't! i will drive you!oh dear, i have the night to myself,and i would like nothing betterthan to find a new man for twyla.i see before me, a beautifulyoung woman in her prime,who deserves every happiness.mrs. rose, that's the nicestthing anyone's ever said to me.and i mean every word of it.so i think you girls shouldallow me to play chauffeurfor the evening. it'll bethe black car out front.okay, i know what our carlooks like, but thank you.oh.before you go in,a bit of advice fromsomeone who's been around.okay, pretty sure wedidn't ask you, but sure.if, and when, you meetsomeone who catches your eye,hold his gaze.then walk up behind him,trace a single finger down his back.and if he follows you intoa dark corner of the bar,it's meant to be.hm, that sounds super embarrassing.it was my go-to move many years ago,and it always paid off.and do you know who my last target was?- who was it?- ooh.john cougar...- no.- ... mellencamp.but guess who drove me home that night?- mr. rose.- yes, you're right.and that car ride was betterthan any dark corner dalliance with jcm.ew.sometimes in life and inlove risks must be taken.one never knows what may happen.okay? shall i wait here for you both?um, we're not in highschool, so i think we're good,- but thank you.- okay.thanks for the ride, mrs. rose.okay, thanks!alexis! you're wrinkled in the back.- ooh? what?- confidence, girls!roland!take 'em off!you're taking off? all right,have a good night, johnny.what're you still doing here?well, i'm just kicking back alittle bit. it was a busy day.roland! you have apregnant wife at home,it's 9:00 at night, you'rehere playing video games?what are you, hiding out?no, i'm not hiding out, johnny.good evening, gentlemen.jocelyn.roland, i brought you ribs for dinner.oh thank you, honey.so, he seems to be makinghimself comfortable here.yes, a little... little too comfortable.jocelyn, i don't wannastart anything here,but roland did finishwork a few hours ago,and i was telling him thathe should be... heading home?here's the thing.i have just rememberedhow attentive roland getswhen i am pregnant. he isvery hands on, very concerned,and he is just always... there.so we were thinking thatit might better, for me,if we could just kind ofextend his work day, you know,to allow for some more alone time.for me.okay. i understand.oh!wow! i just upgraded my wand!two more levels and i'll haveenough opals to buy the harp.way to go, honey!alone time, johnny. ijust need some alone time.so, i don't think i'm gonnaneed a ride home tonight.oh my god, that's so great!because i think i'mgoing home with a guy.no, yeah, i pieced that together.he plays soccer, andhe works at the quarry,and we both have the samesecond favourite color.so important.your mom's trick totally worked.i ran my finger down thebacks of three different guys,and one of them turned around.it's a total numbers game.you're gonna be okay?yeah, yeah, for sure. of course.i'm just so glad i took a risk.speaking of which...that guy over there,he's been staring at you all night.- hello?- hey.- hello?- hey, can you hear me?just joking, you'vegot ted's voice-mail.don't you hate it when people do that?me too, and yet i just did it.anyway, leave a message andi'll call you back.you know, i have to say,if we hadn't put these babies out there,there's a strong possibilitywe wouldn't have sold two of 'em today.and a brush.but at what cost? you know?and the mark-up on theplungers is actually very good.hmm.makes me think that weshould be taking more productsfrom the back and actuallyputting them out there.mhmm.okay, no, no, no, no, no.no! no!fine, i'm terrible atcompromise! there, i said it.like beyonce, i excel as a solo artist,and i was also dressed bymy mother well into my teens,- okay?- let it out david, let it out.i'm sorry that i justknow what looks correct.and this situation is not correct!toilet plungers on displayat the front of a store,is incorrect!breath mints where the lipbalms should be. not correct!not correct.these mountaineering shoesthat my boyfriend is wearing,looking like oprah ona thanksgiving day hike,incorrect.i'm sorry, what did you just say?i said the breath mints need to move.i think it was somethingabout your boyfriend's shoes?um... i don't remember saying that.yeah, no, that's what i heard.well hey, my boyfrienddoesn't like the shoes,i could, i could take the shoes off.i mean, or not. i don'tremember saying it.so, you can do whatever you'd like.i think my work here is done.and what work is that, exactly?my boyfriend doesn't like the shoes,so i'm gonna take the shoes off.okay, before you do that, um,i just wanna let you know thatsock feet in a public placeis also incorrect.we do what we have to do.hello, you!hey. you were in the bar?how did i not see you?i... i wanted to wait for you,but i got bored in the car.bored, so i found alovely little speakeasyat the back of the club.where's twyla?oh, she used yourlittle... finger trick.oh! so i guess we won'tbe waiting for her!- guess we won't.- no.are you goin' back in?no. there's no one in there for me.okay.well, i...i didn't want to say thisin front of twyla but...there was a reason idrew mr. cougar mellencampinto that dark corner of thebar instead of your father.i don't need to know howthis story ends, so...your father was withsomeone at the time.but i knew there was somethingbetween us. i just knew it.whatever it was, itwas worth waiting for.well, that's very cute for you,but i don't know whatthat has to do with me.it took a year.a year?but if it's meant tobe, they'll come around!mhmm.- should we call it a night?- yes.i think so, too.- i'm driving?- that's a good idea!