do you like this sweater?jared leto gave it to me and i'vealways been on the fence about it.i don't know.what do you mean, you don't know?you either like it, or you don't like it.i mean, i like it 'causejared leto gave it to you,and he was my first kiss,but i don't know if i like,like it, like it.um, that's not really an answer.i feel really bad,i feel like there's somethingburning in my throat.


oh my god, well, you could'veanswered the question by now.so i guess i'm wearing it.dad, can you bring me some juice?- be right there, honey!- yes, we'll be right there!i knew this day would come, john!isolated, impoverished,cut off from all medical services!i only prayed it wouldn't be alexis.- it's just a cold, moira.- oh, it's always just a cold, john,until it's full blown... typhoid!i don't have typhoid!well, of course you don't,what are the chances of that?!do you remember valentina?our chambermaid in little martinique?


we all thought she had just a cold,until it was too late!i'll never shake the mental imageof her frothing andflailing in the water taxi!i can still hear you!we love you, alexis!- don't we?!- we love you, alexis.tell her you're gonna bring her the juice.i am bringing the juice, moira.john, don't touch her.ohhh...this is as far as i go, alexis.one of us has to stay safe for david.i'm already in the room.see, we're still alive, moira,i think we're gonna be okay.of course you are, that's the spirit.i'm just going to closethis door until you're done.sorry! i'm sorry!-- synced by the_foe ---- (for my beloved) --oh! uh...do you like this sweater?honestly...while i admire your courage,uh, when it comes to fashion,i'm just not the best person to ask.- okay.- what's going on?nothing.- mm, you seem stressy.- i'm not. i'm not stressy.i just want to make alasting impression, so...it's a job interview?for a "brand manager" positionat an upscale boutique.in elmdale?!okay, there are certain lies i tell myself,and if you're any kind of a friend,you' will let me cling to those lies.and, drive me to the interview.so is this like, an either/or type thing?can i help you cling to lies,and not drive you to elmdale?okay, i'm gonna change my sweater,and meet you at your car, so.it's like a poncho.so the guys says to me,"well, i wouldn't try thatwith a fractured larynx!"i wouldn't try that, period!- morning, boys.- hi, johnny.- ahem!- oh man! oh, boy.well, if you gentlemen don't mind,i'd like to start my day.yeah, me too, um...do you guys wanna see a card trick?- oh, i do. - okay, first thingi need is a deck of cards.all right, you know what, ihate to break up this party,but this is my office, and ido have a lot of work to do,so up, roland.your office?uh, well that's kind ofinteresting, johnny,because i don't rememberseeing your applicationfor a new business license.oh jeez!to be a fly on the wallfor this conversation!bob, you're in the room.you know, johnny, it'skind of standard procedurefor new businesses to register.but then again, i guessyou don't really havea lot to register, do you?maybe not to you, roland,but keep in mind i did start rose videowith $2,000 dollars and a dream,so it's all about planning.i see it every day.lots of quiet planning.sure, he treats himself to a muffin or two,but uh, i get that that'sall part of the planning,right, johnny?could be.yeah, could be. i mean...i could look at this muffinand say, this is a fine muffin.i'd kill for a bagel, buti haven't seen one bagelsince i got to this town.now, back at rose video,i used to get my assistantto bring me a bagel every morning.so i might think a bagel shop is somethingthis town could use.oh, i love a good bagel, johnny.do you-do you think thatidea really has legs?well, it's just an example, bob.ooh, i just get chillsthinking that we're sittingright in the middle of the"johnny rose dream factory!"ooooh!stupid... baby.i'll tell you what, johnny,instead of the license fee,i'll just take a bite of your muffin.mmm! good!mmmm! mm! mm!i have to go to thisjazzagals rehearsal, alexis,so i'll need your wordyou'll remain stable.we're a long way from any hospitals.you can't be playing fastand loose with those symptoms.alexis?alexis?!- i'm sleeping!oh, honey!honey, i need to askyou a serious question.has it gotten worse, or areyou just not wearing any makeup?your freaking out is not helping anything!well, i'm sorry, dear,but you're the first one to get sick here,and i-i can't... i don't...i appreciate your concern,but it's only a cold, andi just need to get better.you're right.do i have a fever, though?- i don't know.- can you see?hmm. ugh!i think you have to doit without the tissue.you're right, okay, putyour hand up on the forehead.mom!oh god!- it's warm!- how warm?i don't know alexis, i'm not a nurse!though i played one once in alovely little production of "harvey,"but she worked in a mental institute.i blame those late nights at the barn.cold air whistling in and out,and you and mutt notwearing near enough clothing.everybody gets sick sometimes.speak for yourself!i'm sorry, alexis, i'msorry i must leave you,but... mummy's gotta fight for her solo.arghhhh!no. nope. no.- what?- well, this can't be it.that's it.can't you tell by howupscale the boutique is?well, that's false advertising!i've been in this boutique,and nothing about it is upscale!how did you being inthis store ever happen?i was with roland, wewere shopping for jocelyn.it's a long, frightening story.anyway, we can't be here, we need to go.why? what's the big deal?there is a solid chance imay have insulted the owner.oh well, that doesn't soundlike something you'd do.she has very questionable taste.and i may or may not havetold her that to her face.so there is no point in beinghere, you can start the car.i didn't drive all the way outhere for you not to do this.also, this is probably the only jobin this town that you'llever be qualified for.okay, so do you want me to lead with that,or hold it 'til the end,and keep it as a surprise?you know, johnny...i think you're really on tosomething with this bagel idea.yeah, but bob, as i said this morning,it wasn't so much an idea,as it was an example of an idea.i see.well, for example, if youwere to open a bagel shop,what would be the firstthing you'd need to do?well offhand, i honestly don't know,i suppose i'd start by finding a space.and then i'd probablysource out a bagel oven,and um, a bagel baker.sesame seeds? gwen lovesthe ones with sesame seeds.yeah well, whatever.and then we get the blueberry cream cheese.- ooh!- yeah.listen bob, i appreciate your enthusiasm,but even if this bagelshop was a viable idea...- which i think it is.- fair enough.but you still have...considerable overhead.i mean, you wanna makesure you're making...good bagels the real way.well,you would certainly know howto make them the real way,because you're uh... you...- jewish?- i didn't know if i could say it.but boy, do you all love your bagels!i mean i do too, and i'm not even uh...jewish. you can say it, bob.i don't know why,it feels like a swear.what's the one you can't say?okay, you know what, i'vegot a lot of work to do, bob,but thanks for stopping by.so... david!this is quite the resume.if i ever need a performanceartist i know who to call.- thank you.- skanky!- excuse me?- you called my store skankywhen you were here with the mayor.mmm... mmhm.hmm.well, what i think i'dbring to the positionis a worldly approach to merchandising,and sales tactics. we're notover the skanky thing, are we?no, and i can't help but wonder,why you'd wanna work in astore you described as skanky!i don't know if we needto keep saying the word.skanky!do you still think mystore is skanky, david?which is why i feel like i can help.you think i need your help?!well, i am answering an ad in the paper.well david, i am looking for a partner.someone who believes in my store.well, i can say with complete certaintythat i see literally nothing but potential.in your store, you know?is the floor overcrowded? yeah.are the mannequins a little too busty?absolutely.does it smell like urinal cakes in here?perhaps.well, this is all very constructive,and it's clear you have some strong ideas.it seems as though you have troublefiltering negative thoughts.so i don't know if i can trust youto represent the "blouse barn."okay, well, this has been a treat.thank you so much.i'll need to see you on the floor,working with customers.okay.- can i help you?- bob want us to meet.bob wants us to meet?!- yeah, may i sit?- no, no.hey there, johnny.- bob?- this is ivan.- uh huh?- take a load off.- ah.- well... sure, sit. sit down.ivan would like to helpwith the uh, bagel idea.well, there's no bagel- i mean, you know, bob,i already told you... i got some brick.you've got bricks? what bricks?- for bagel oven.- yeah.ivan works down at the quarry,he's got a whole truck filled with bricks.right out front!bob, you know, this bagelshop idea was just an idea.you know, it's not even an idea,it's just an illustrationof a theoretical idea.well, that may be,but do you know howmuch a bagel oven costs?and ivan here, he'swilling to do it for free.- as long as i get to...- as long as he gets to make the bagels.- yeah.- wow, well, no one is making any bagels.- right now.- you want me to start unloading?no, no unloading.ivan, would you excuse us for a minute?i just wanna have a word with bob.- oh yeah, sure.- okay.could you stand, and excuse us?all right, oh, okay.i'll meet you out there in a minute.bob, you know, we are... so f...oh.we are so far from even remotely havinga conversation aboutthis... you know, business.yeah. okay.you said you started rose videowith $2,000 bucks and a dream.i-bob, you-youdon't have to...let's turn this dream... into green!bob, i don't want your check.oh my god.- ooh!- do you think i should get it?mm! that's a question.- you don't like it.- i never said that.i never said that, ifeel... you know, in france,they say the looser the fit,the sexier the feel, so...i've never been to france.okay, what if i pulled a few other options,and um, see what happens?i'll be right back.hi! how much longer do you expect meto wait in the car likesome hired chauffeur?!um, yeah, i'm gonna needyou to do something for me.like drive home without you?uh no, wendy has got meon a bit of a trial runwith the customers, and i'mgonna need you to help me outby looking like you'reenjoying this conversationa little more than you are,um, i'm gonna need you tobuy a couple blouses from me.- a couple?!- one. a blouse.- what about this?- well, that's not an option.- that-no. - but i have mysister's communion this weekend.- okay, don't do that.- don't do what?do you not like it? don't, stevie!good recommendation, sir!this is gonna be a smash atmy husband's trial hearing.he's got good taste.okay, so i've pulled a few options.or we can go with what we have.- these are stupid.- okay.alexis?the woman at the generalstore said a girl in elmdalerecently contracted avian flu.so i got you a bit of everything.oh... i see you're alreadybeing taken care of.hello.i didn't realize you werefeeling well enough for company.i just brought over a few thingsto help break the fever.and it's really helping, thank you.no, i-i'm relieved that alexis has someonewith such natural care-giving tendencies.- i'm gonna go.- no babe, stay.had i known your spirits were so high,i might not have spent thelast 45 minutes of my liferunning around buying cold medication.i didn't ask you to go buy cold medication.when have you ever boughtme cold medication?!exactly, i knew it didn't feel right.i think you're in good hands now, babe.- no! -uh-huh.oh dear, are we sure thisisn't just mono again?what with your symptoms,and your lifestyle?mrs. rose, i don't have mono.oh no offense dear, could be others.- oh my god!- get some rest.- bye.- bye.weren't you supposedto be at choir practice?rehearsal. yes.i supposed to be there over an hour ago.so why aren't you?because i kept picturingyou diseased and all alone.that's never stopped you before.i know!what the hell is going on, alexis!i'm feeling something.something debilitating!you're the ill one, buti'm... i'm feeling this...- this...- maternal instinct, maybe?no, that's not it.no!maybe.no!have i offended you in some way, johnny?probably.i'm just wondering at whatpoint you decided to cut me out.- of what?- well, i assumed i would be consultedbefore we made any major decisions- about the bagel business.- what decisions?!well, hiring ivan for one thing,i don't have good feeling about that guy.i think he's ex-kgb.roland, there is no bagel business!okay, it was just a stupid idea i made upbecause you were right.well, i know that!right about what?about me not doing anything.it's tough enough comingup with a business idea,let alone a money makingidea in a town this small,and i was you know, puttinga lot of pressure on myself.maybe too much pressure.and i've been doing nothingbut... treading water.so i... started ramblingabout bagels this morning.look at this, the brain trust!so i was thinking, and uh,i'm not married to it, but uh..."bob's bagels."johnny, i think you have somethingyou'd like to say to bob.you don't wanna use the name bob?oh, i get it,go with something alittle more old testament?bob that's not it, no.see, there won't be a bagel shop.'cause i've looked intoit, and it's not feasible.and there already is abagel shop in elmdale.but ivan's about to hand in his noticedown at the quarry, and uh...i gave you that check!yes and of course i'm-i'm returning...this check to you.whoa, whoa, hold on a second.you took money from bob?- why didn't you come to me?- you would've given me money?no, of course not, but as your partner...you're not a partner! not my partner.look bob, i appreciate all theconfidence you've shown in me.i really do, and i promise you this:i will come up with a...better idea real soon.you know, next time uh...i should probably see a business planso i don't invest so muchin another uh, hollow scheme.yeah, me too.- you didn't invest.- yes, and whose fault is that?mm...well, congratulations.let me get the champagne.you guys are gonna love it,it's the same one we use tocelebrate my mom's divorces.- great...- so how long before i can return this?oh, it's exchange or store credit only.- that's funny.- i'm not joking.well, i guess you're buying drinks tonight.i can do that, that's fair.and dinner.- okay.- and if i feel like dessert...it's a $12 dollar negligeeon a 2-for-1 promotion so...okay, i'll just dropa little raisin in hereto release the bubbles.blechhh! that's no necessary!okay!congratulations!a whole raisin.to your first job.ooh, my first job was actuallya gap kids campaignwhen i was six.- to your first job!- mm!so tired- yeah.- tell me a story.- how about a song?- no!a story it is.um...there once was a radiant young actress,who dreamed of having two sons.the second of which would be named alex.- i don't like this story.- shh!now it seems the vivaciousdaytime emmy nomineewas surprised by how taken she waswith this unanticipated daughter.mostly because she didn't cryas much as the unmannerly son,but also because she wasadventurous, carefree,so beautiful.just like her mother.alexis, you're on my arm.alexis, seriously. i can't feel it!i can't-alexis!- aah!go to sleep, dear.