johnny: moira! the water's ice cold!how long were you in here?!john, you know my ritual!five to ten minutesto let the water warm,there's the initial scrub,followed by the deep conditioner,which must set for 20 minutes,and finally, the double rinse cycle.well, we can't be doingthat anymore, sweetheart!our water bill isgoing through the roof!yes, painfully aware of ourbudgetary constraints, john.


i'm currently reading amagazine from july, 1987.where do you even find these?alexis: so i just signed for this,so does that mean i get to keep it?- also, what is it?- oh my god, it's here.- give it some room, alexis!- give what some room?what exactly are you gettingshipped from "harrod's of london?"family, i'd like to youto meet a dear friendwhom i've yet to meet.give a warm dobrodoslito my red carpet gownfor the "crows" premiere.moira, you didn't tellme they'd set a date- for the premiere!- yes!


i've been tolddefinitively it will happen,and i quote, "ideallysometime this year."okay, there must be some mistake here.this is valued at $3,700.what?! $3,700?what designer gave youthat kind of discount?sadly, it's not customthis time around, alexis.mommy had to shop off the rack.fortunately, i discoveredsomething called- a "promo code."- this is a reduced price?yes. discount couture,do you believe it?i'm surprised she madeit through customs.i once passed off a minihorse and three guinea pigsas service animals, soanything is possible.perfect a spot of tea for the unveiling.i was actually justboiling water for my bath.does this mean i shouldstart thinking about my lookfor the premiere?tbd on the guest list, alexis,but i love your enthusiasm.box? box.david: i'm so glad we're doing this.we never get to spendquality time together.also, i've been neglectingmy wellness journey,so the cherry blossoms openingwhen we both have time offis really ticking a lot of boxes for me.are you sure the cherryblossoms are even open now?i mean, i thought that wasn'tfor another couple weeks.mm, no, no, i calledthe botanical gardens,and had the girl send me a photo.i learned the hard wayfrom my last trip to japan.showed up, no cherry blossoms,turned right back around,it was such a waste.wow, that's a lot of pressureto put on cherry blossoms.well, why else would webe driving to elm valley?ooh!why else would we be drivingto elm valley, stevie?the only other reasoni can think of is that...emir might be there.the hotel reviewer that...you had the dirty motel sex with?well, when you put it thatway it sorta cheapens it,but yes, he might also be there,reviewing a hotel.but not the hotel that we're going to,because that would bea crazy coincidence.sorry, i knew you wouldn't comeif you thought you weregonna be a third wheel.okay well, sucks for him,because i only bookedthe private garden tourfor two people.- okay, i'm just gonna say it.- please don't.i don't think we're gonna go...- no!- to the botanical gardens.wow! so this is an abduction, then.i am a single womandriving way out of townto meet a guy i don't know very well!well...once he shows up i'msure you can still goto the botanical gardens!i'm not going to thebotanical gardens by myself!what, am i gonna walk around,and admire the cherry blossomsalone, like some pervert?!so if you're gonna meet this guy there,there where am i staying?i don't do couches!i got you a separate room.a separate room, okay.so this has all been premeditated, then.you know what, i hope for your sake,that they have cherryblossoms in prison.hey shannon, what's up?ted's in his office, youcan just let yourself in.yikes.okay, thank you.hey, i know you're really swamped today,so i brought you this.- you can thank me later.- oh!that's decaf, right?no, that detailactually slipped my mind,so maybe i'll just take it.oh, almost a sweetgesture, alexis, thank you.you know who's not sweet?old shan out there.okay, first of allalexis, she's not old,we went to vet school together.and she's actually beenreally helpful this week.to you.i'm just gonna say it,ted. most people are a fan.so when someone's not,it's usually on them.all right, fine, i, ididn't wanna bring this up,because it is so not a thing.but well, when you and i were broken up,there was... one nightwhere shannon and i...oh my god! ted!we hooked up.yes you did, you little smooch monster!well, we did a lot more than that.i'm sorry, should i be jealous?no! no, no, no, no, no. itwas just a one-time thing.- oh, no.- no, not "oh no,"no, i stopped it from going any further.because i thought we werejust better off as friends.beep, beep!paging dr. casanova j. heartbreaker.anyway, that's probablywhy she seems likeshe's a little unsure aboutwhere she stands with you.well, thank you fortelling me that, ted.that makes so much moresense than her not liking me.well, i'm glad thatwe could clear that up.okay, well, i willsee you for lunch then,"doctor".yeah, it's funny becausei actually am a doctor.so am i...no, you're not. just-just ted.roland: hey, johnny!johnny! i have some goodnews for you, my friend.well, i could use some good news,i might have to take outa mortgage on the dress- my wife just bought.- well, uh...you know that little hotwater problem you're having?yeah?well, i've come up withthe perfect excuse for youto buy yourself a brandnew hot water heater!still waiting for the good news.well, the good newsis that my friend terrycan replace the whole thing for you.- replace it?- mhmm.well, how much is that gonna cost?i did a little negotiating with terry,and he says you can have it for $4,200.- $4200?!- right.unless you want it installed.well, of course i wantit installed, roland!okay, well, that's gonna be $5,500.okay, you know what?i can't afford to throwaway money like that.oh, come on, this coming fromthe guy who was just braggingabout taking out a mortgageto pay for his wife's dress!- i wasn't bragging!- ohhh...moira: well, hello!is it just me, or is therea faint scent of honeysucklein the air?yeah, it might be johnny's aftershave.i'm-i'm sorry, it is pungent.and john, i tried to hang up my gown,and thank god i caught itbefore that silly curtain rodcame crashing down!don't worry about it,we'll get you a new one.as soon we get uh, "el tightwad" hereto loosen up the purse strings.john, give this man a raise!and when dear, did ourroom become so moist?i'm off to get a dehumidifier,but i will see you at lunch.oh, is that him?- no.- okay.- what about the person...- david, i would tell youif i saw him!also, that's rude!okay, it's just that yourtype is very inconsistent.what time was he supposedto show up, anyway?two hours ago.and we're sure this is the right hotel?he's not coming. i'm an idiot.well, i guess the good thingto come out of this abductionis that if anyone knowshow to crawl out from underan embarrassing romanticfailure, it's me.so i say we drop our bags,go straight to the botanical gardens,take in some cherry blossoms,then sleep it off, andgo home fresh tomorrow.what time was the tour again?oh, david, i'm so sorry.if this wasn't so humiliating for you,i think i'd be in adarker headspace right now,but since it is...the hotel bar has karaoke,i say we get severalrounds of polar bear shots,load up some mariah,and i will spend the rest of the nightpretending not to resent you.okay.i'll get the first round.oh, you'll be getting every round.alexis: oh my god, shan! you still here?have you not taken lunch?i've just been pretty busy.ugh, same.can i get a "hell yeah"for two hard-working womenin the 21st century?anyway, i think that we both knowthat things are a bit off between us,and i understand why.ted told me all about your little...mmm! muah! muah!and it's like... not a big deal.okay.alexis, that's-that's such a relief.and oh! honestly, between us,it was just a drunken one-time thing,and i told him we'd bebetter off as friends.oh.did you tell him thatafter he told you that?sorry?ted: alexis. right on time.you're telling me, i wasjust having a chat with shan.clearing the air about that little tripyou two took to pound town.- alexis!- whoa!okay, let's remember thisis still a place of work.look, i don't know about you, shannon,but i am so glad we did this.had i not talked to her,i never would've found outthat she called it off.- maybe i will go for lunch.- well, just, um, one minute.again, not that it matters,you know, but uh, the day after we...um, we were supposed to meetup at the 5k for feral cats,and... i never followed up so.- oh! yeah, it totally doesn't matter.- no.but i also never followed up.so when we saw eachother the next weekendat the opening of bronwyn'sexotic animal clinic,i assumed... you'd gotten the hint.okay, well, that's what i assumed, so...okay, not to interject, but i assumedthat this would play out ina much more interesting way.so for the sake of time,um, i'm just gonna go withshannon's version of things.shannon, can we get youanything while we're out?uh, i'm not sure that weactually quite finished- the conversation.- oh, it's okay, ted.because the important thing is,that shannon and i had a breakthrough.yeah, but i'm just not reallysure where we landed on...- mhmm, yeah.- on the whole...shh! shh! shh! shh! okay.when it comes to water heater repairs,you don't need electricalexperience to check,or replace the heating elements.great.the only thing you need to do...is make sure the power is offbefore you perform any tests...okay, where's the power switch?i need the power switch,okay, hold on, hold on.- find the circuit breaker...- power?i can't get to the circuitbreaker until-hold on!slow... slow-hold on!hold-st-stop!rewind! how do you rewind?!where's the manual?!oh johnny, there you are!i've been looking all over for you.urgent question. um...what's our policy on smoke breaks?- who's taking a smoke break?- i am.- you don't smoke.- yeah, i know.and i don't think i shouldbe penalized for that.roland, i'm kinda busy rightnow with the water heater.johnny, i don't think kickingthat thing is really gonna help.lol.okay, i'm trying tofollow the video here,it says it's for beginners.yeah well, i think yougot the right video there.but don't you think somethinglike that should be handledby professionals, johnny?like, maybe... terry?roland, you know something?there's a lot going onwith the family right now,and if there's an economicalway for me to deal with this,without pumping more money into it,then that's what i'm gonna do!johnny, let me tell you something.that is not the place to cut corners.okay? what you need to do is re-examineyour extravagant lifestyle.what are you talking about?well, not all of us can drivearound in an 8 cylinder car.it's a '78 lincoln, andit's all we could afford!- right, '78. vintage.- okay!roland, do you mindif i get back to work?!yeah, no problem, i've gotto go on my smoke break.♪ as time goes on...wow, for someone who can barely stand,she sounds good.how are we feeling?all things considered,i'm feeling better.good. i'm gonna see ifthey have more mariah,the first three songswere just a warm-up.oh. hi.i'm so sorry.a student driver rear-endedme on the way over here,it was a whole thing. he started crying.we had to exchangeinsurance information.his mom was there.you couldn'tve called?i thought i was stood up.the student driver hasmy phone, and i have his.we didn't give them back to each otherafter we exchanged info.so if you wanna know what'son a 16 year old's smartphone,i could offer you that.no, thank you.yeah, that's probably for the best.okay, good news, they have "fantasy,"which means that you getto play ol' dirty bastard.oh, are-are you here with someone?- uh, no.- oh! ohhh...oh um, no.we just ran into each other at the bar.um, long story short, i tooka pottery class with this one.oh, uh, i'm emir.- oh, dane... a. dana.- dana?yeah, so i run-i runthe karaoke at the hotel.- hmm.- yeah.uh, stevie, i know i'm two hours late,but can i still take you to dinner,or have i blown it?oh, you've blown it.but i'll still take a free dinner.- i can work with that, okay.- okay.- mhmm.- okay!um, i'm just gonna settle up my tab,- i'll meet you outside.- okay, yeah.uh, nice to meet you, dana.yes, thanks.why don't you just come with us?i already made you missthe botanical gardens.i can't leave you here.okay, honestly, i'mgonna be really exhaustedafter my set anyways, so...i'll probably just go to bed.are you sure?no, so get outta herebefore i change my mind.- thank you.- okay.unnecessary, but...keep the mics hot, i'm comin' in!moira? we need to talk, sweetheart.i'm sorry dear, is your mouth moving?could you uh, turn off thedehumidifier for a second?because i can't possiblyhear you over the soundof the dehumidifier!oh, just-just turn off...so, it looks like inaddition to the water heater,we're gonna have to replacesome of the plumbing.and the water is so hard,that terry said that it'slikely in the next little whilewe might also need a new...water softener.john, i'm sorry you'vehad such a hard day.- yeah...- on the upside,this gown has exceeded all expectations.yeah, well that's good, sweetheart,that's... that's good.it's just that um,you know, with allthese costs piling up,we might need to take a hard look at uh,some of our recent uh... purchases.i told alexis now is not the timeto expand that home office.not with the price of ink today.yeah... moira, look.the last thing i want to do is uh...rain on your parade,but i think for the next little while,any money coming in should probably...be for the family.this dress is for the family.to remind us that ourfutures lie outside this town.it feels these dayslike i'm the only onewho hasn't veered off course.well, no one's veeringoff course, moira,we're all just uh...taking a different approach.the ceremonial purchase of the gownhas always been my good luck charm.well, from everything you'vetold us about this movie,moira, it sounds like forthe first time in a long time,you may not need any luck.oh, john! thank you for that.and know that you've been heard!good.ted: you know, alexis,i've been thinking about it,and... i'm really gladthat you and shannonwere able to geteverything out in the open.me too. we're actuallygrabbing drinks tomorrow.great, yeah, you know, and i-i...i care way more about thatthan any of the detailsof how we ended things,or even whether they were accurate.it seems like it was justlike a little miscommunicationon your part, is all.yeah well, uh, shannon aside,i think it's important that i tell youthat there were a fewothers before heather.and there may have beena couple of broken hearts along the way.whatever you say, ted.yeah... it's actually kinda funny,because i was justgoing through my phone,you know, to make somespace, and then i came acrossthis little back andforth from a while ago.i believe you, ted.you're still dr. casanova to me.okay, well, the tone of your voicemakes it seem like you don'tbelieve a word you're saying.okay, ted!"dear melanie."melanie? is this the girlfrom the falafel place?yeah, i don't think that's relevant.ahem. "i've had a lot offun hanging out with you,and i really...fal-awful saying this over text,but i'm just not feelingstrongly enough to takethis to the next level. i'm sorry."pretty harsh. but it had to be done.and then um, she wrote...- oh, it doesn't matter what she wrote.- "cool!" exclamation mark.and it looks like you endedup walking her dog for her?well, she seemed really upset.listen ted,i've gone through enoughheartbreakers for like,two people's lifetimes.and i don't want that anymore.i want you.and that cute lil' butt.david and tammy: ♪ ohhhh...oh! oh!yes, tammy! tammy, everybody!it's tammy! yeah!stevie, hi!oh...- hi!- hi.so... emir asked me if iwanted to stay the night.ohhhh!that sounds promising.yeah. um, i thought youwere gonna go to bed?oh no, i was, but thentammy kept buying shots,and the whole room got behindme in like, a really big way.anyway, i have sevenmore songs to finish,and some new fans whowould be very disappointedif i don't close the show.- oh, dana! or is it david?- huh?listen, i just wanted youto know that stevie told mewhat you did for her tonight.you know, giving up your evening,so that we could havesome time together.anyway, it was reallycool of you to do it,is what i'm saying, andnot just because um...we get to have a littlesleepover because of it.so to say thank you, i tookcare of your room charges.oh my god! hello!um, hi! can i get another drink then,to the room, please? thanks!i actually just meantlike, your mini-bar.oh no, i finished that. hey, tam!you want some zhampagne?!yeah, two please, drinks.okay, um... what doyou say we get up there,maybe do a little duet? i feellike that's the kind of thingyou'd be totallycomfortable with, right?- mhmm...- yeah, love that.i think it's best if you guysjust sat down, and watched.- oh, okay.- next time.- yeah. mhmm.- off the hook for now.uno, tammy! i think i'm goingto do this one by myself.- oh!- thank you so much, though.- we'll call you back.- wow.see you soon. i would liketo dedicate this one...to the lovers right over there!- okay...- and, goodnight.david: thela-la-lovers... cue it up!okay, are you coming out?can you stop yelling, please?!i had 14 polar bear shots last night.moira, do you want us to close our eyes?oh my god.moira, it's gorgeous.wasn't it shown with a veil?oh, the veil's on its way.well, now that i seeit on you, i understand!i feel like i'm waiting for the limoto take us to yournext red carpet event!well, sweetheart, if that's...if that's the dressyou want, then, uh...it is. but you're right,john, it's not the time.so before i send her back,take a mental picture.and perhaps an actual picture as well?- anyone have a camera?- oh.- yes, yes.- oh yes.- gimme like, a mm!- mm!like, arm.- oh!- okay.yeah, got it?okay, that's it.and if all goes to plan, we'llmeet again on the red carpet.ideally, sometime this year.and those are theshoes we're going with?- what do you think?- no.shoes, later. as well as jewels.what?!