all right.morning, david.ew. what are you all doing here?we have a surprise for you.judging from the looks onyour faces, i don't want it.- stevie?- stevie?something arrived atthe front desk for you.ah!it appears someone hassomething to celebrate.why would patrick do that?that was my first thought.


celebrating a monthly anniversaryseems a bit of a reach.but then alexis informed usthat this is the longestrelationship you've ever had!- four whole months, david.- how 'bout that?okay, this is not the longestrelationship i've ever had.i had a... very intimateconnection with tony,for several years.she was your pen pal, david.she was in a penitentiary, dear.well, this calls for a celebration.now roland just founda barbecue in the shed,so, i say you invitepatrick over, we fire it up,and have a good old fashionedrose family barbecue.


- yes, david.- i mean, we already have dessert.i mean, this wouldfeed at least 10 people.okay, first of all, noone's sharing the cookie.and second of all, patrick is notbeing invited to a barbecue.- is he pulling back?- no!has he asked you aboutan open relationship?not yet. anyway, everything is fine,which is why i wouldrather not subject himto eating charred meatwith this group of carnies.carnies are people too.david, could you just once embrace joy?okay.perhaps it's this nay-saying reticencethat caused your pastrelationships to...- fall apart.- ... oxidize.- oxidize.- okay, you know what?i think we're good here. thanks.so you're bringing patrick?nope, patrick's still not coming.bye bye.oh yeah, it's soft.do you have any idea what you've done?take it the cookie went over well?i have told you for three months now,that i don't want amonthly anniversary gift.and i know you think it's very funny,but this time it went too far.it's a cookie, david,what's the big deal?first of all, a cookieis always a big deal,especially when that cookiejust alerted my entire familyto the fact that this isofficially the longestrelationship i've ever had.this is the longestrelationship you've ever had?oh, i shoulda got youmore than a cookie.okay, well the cookiewas almost too much.figuratively speaking.i ate half of it on the way here.bottom line, i just don't thinkwe need to celebrate as much.you know, we could just goday-to-day like normal people.if we throw a... if we throwa renaissance fair every month,i just feel like wemight be tempting fate.we are not tempting fate, okay?i can't speak to your past,but i think you mighthave an easier time of it,and maybe a little bit more fun,if you just learn to trust people.the last time i heard that,i was dating a birthday clownwho painted my face in the night,and was literally never seen from again.noted.you have nothing to worry about, david,and i can return these ticketsto the julia stiles-a-thon- at the drive-in tonight.- let me see those.i agree, that might havebeen a little overboard.okay, first of all, let it be knownthat supporting julia stilesis never going overboard.- oh, so you can go?- um, not tonight.tonight i have a thing,but tomorrow i could come.what's your thing tonight?um, it's just like afamily thing at the motel.it's like a nothingthing. you wouldn't...okay, well tomorrow night it is.now i gotta go to townhall to get some signaturesfor our permit renewal,but don't worry, david,unlike the birthdayclown, i will be back.- he was never found.- probably dead.you just fill this outand i'll get ya checked in.- great, thanks.- hey girl.oh, you're talkin' to me?yeah, who else would ibe talking to? no offense.what's up?okay, so i wanted to get someadvice, like girl-to-girl,'cause you're alwaysso good with boy stuff.so david's at work and youhad nobody else to talk to?what?that's...so i got this message from ted,and i wanted to getsomeone's... your...- mhmm.- your, specific opinionbefore i replied.okay, so this is whatted sent this morning.i'm more of a bagel guy, winky face?keep in mind we haven'tseen each other in weeks.okay, so it was an accident.or, it was made tolook like an accident.- okay.- it's a tactic, stevie.you send someone a random textmessage to get their attention,and then the next thing youknow, you're talking again.- who would do that?- i've done that. like a lot.i did it last week.this is why i choose notto be in a relationship.hey... alexis.rachel, sorry, i didn'tmean to eavesdrop,but that's like theoldest trick in the book.texting a bunch of lettersand saying your phone- was unlocked in your purse.- right?i used to text zac efronjust like a question markwhenever i wanted a booty call.poor thing would belike buzzing my apartmentbefore i even pressed send.that's actually how my fiancé and ikeep getting back together.okay, rachel, you're in room 9.oh, actually we're just finishing up.um, okay so what do youthink i should write back?honestly i don't know anythingabout your relationship,but i do know that gamesonly get you so far.unless you wanna end uplike me, 6 months later,tryin' to win himback for the 50th time.mmhm. having flashbacks of zac efron.isn't it easier to just be direct?either way, you get an answer.you're like super smart,and pretty in like a... breezy,non-threatening sort of way.another successful girl talk.you know, roland, whenyou said you found a grill,this isn't exactly what i had in mind.what'd you expect johnny, benihana?no, there's no dials, notanks, no side burners.i mean i wasn't expectinga built-in wine fridge,but this is nothing... likewhat i'm used to cooking on.what?no, i'm sorry, i just hadan image of you cooking.come on, johnny, you'retalking to a grill master.do you know that i've beengiven three different apronsbecause of my barbecue skills?let's see, i've got license to grill,i've got working grill,oh and i have grillsjust wanna have fun.it's gonna take morethan a license to grillto get this thing back to life.okay look, um, i cansmell your fear, okay?so why don't you go grabthe meat and the briquettes,and i'll get this badboy up and running for ya?okay well, thank you, roland.and just so you're aware,this has nothing to do with menot knowing my way around a grill.i've watched many a personalchef flip a burger in my day.i've got the perfect apron for ya,poor little rich grill.i'll get it made up.- i think so.- i hope so.it would only be fair.please tell me yes.uh, hi.david, someone's ears must be a-flame.when you said that you were coming back,you just meant thatyou weren't coming back,and that i would have to spendthe afternoon searching for youon the train tracks, andamong various unmarked vans.you did that for me?no, but there was a momentwhen i thought about doing it.- david, blame me.- oh, i do.patrick was about to slipaway with the signatureswhen i corralled him intoa little lunchtime chin wag.yes, which is how i foundout about the barbecuethat i was invited to,but didn't know about.hmm.why didn't you tell me iwas invited to the barbecue?well, they only wantedto have the barbecueafter reading what was on your cookie.yeah, sorry that stillsounds pretty nice to me.- thank you, pat.- it is nice.no one's saying it's notnice. what i'm saying is...yeah, okay.pat, do you mind giving usthe room for just a moment?- certainly.- okay.somebody should probablybe at the store anyway, huh?lovely talking to you, mrs. rose.you too.wow.what are you doing?i told you i didn't want tomake a big deal out of this.david you can't blameus for being excited.your father and i,we weren't involved inyour past relationships,and from what i understand, itwas one bungle after another.i'm not saying there's a connection.there's no connection,it's just a longstring of very bad luck,and i don't know what kind of carnagei inflicted in a pastlife, to deserve it.i must've been... dracula,or a spin instructor.and what if we couldfinally tie a sailor's knotin that string of bad luck?because after spending 5minutes alone with sweet pat,we're not doing pat.he sees you. for all that you are.well, hopefully not all thati am, i mean that would be...oh, david, you have theopportunity to climb outof the quicksand that was your past,and stand firmly in the present.let us celebrate that.fine. he can come.excellent. and he's bringing his guitar.- what?- well, it was mostly his idea, you know,in case there's a rousingfireside sing-along?no, i draw the line at sing-along.whoa, geez, louise.alexis, hey.hey. i was in the neighbourhood,so i thought i'd justpop in and say hey.i was gonna send a text but um,i thought it'd bebetter if i just came in.i'm glad you did.i'm also glad i did.it's good to see you.it's also good to see you.okay, well i just wanted to say hey,and i'm here, and i got your text.what text?the text.did i send a text?maybe... no?maybe you didn't. did you? i'm not sure.what, uh, what'd it say?nothing. i don't think it said anything,now that i think about it.um... no something about youbeing more of a bagel guy.- oh my god, did i send that to you?- no, i don't think so.- oh my gosh, i did.- did you, though?i'm sorry, that wasn'tsupposed to be sent to you.hello dummy, why do you think i'm here?i'm here to tell you to be carefulbecause with those texts,those texts in the wrong hands,yeah, it was actually meant for heather.heather, yes. yes.- you and heath and the bagels.- yeah, she was just askingif she should pick up scones or bagels.anyway, now we know. now we know.you shoulda just texted.you didn't have to comeall the way down here.well no... um, as i wassaying, i was in the area.so, i just wanted to pop inand see the look on your facewhen you realized thatyou'd sent the text- to the wrong person.- ooh.um, hmm.um, hey i'm sorry ifi haven't been in touch- as much recently.- oh my god, please. please.uh no, i should get outta your hair.but it was good to see you, mr. bagel.that's ayou-and-heather thing,but now that you texted me,it's kind of likean all-of-us thing.so, have a great afternoon today.looking good, roland!what time do you wannafire this baby up?uh, i dunno, probably aboutan hour before you wanna eat.oh, well i was hoping to eat around 8.where are we, barcelona?- uh, well then 7.- yeah, 7 sounds better.- honey, you ready to go?- yeah.wait, wait, where are you going?oh, jocelyn and i haveanother one of thosebirthing rehearsals we gotta go to.i... just bought $100 worth of sliders.geez johnny, thanks for rubbing it in- when you know i can't come.- you can't come?you didn't say you can't come!you were bragging aboutbeing a grill master.he really is. did youtell him about the aprons?yes he did! and i was counting on himto do the grilling!you know johnny, maybeyou should considercalling off the barbecue.well, i'm not calling it off!i just have to figure this thing out.right, cut to.well, we're not cutting to.cut to, i've ruined my sliders!cut to, how does this thing work?see, this wasn't as hardas you thought it was.mr. rose, would you mindtaking a few steps back?oh, what you're gonnaspray the briquettes again?nope.you guys want me to jump in?no, i think we've got it covered.oh, you do, oh great, 'causei'm gonna get another beer.- hmm?- there ya go.all right.well, finally. back at the old grill.i'd say that one looks about perfect.i was gonna say the same thing.specifically which onewere you talking about?- just this one, here.- oh yeah, that's the one.okay, should i save him?oh they'll be fine.let's just sit back and enjoy the sightof our two strapping menbonding over an open flame.this one looks good, is this one cooked?okay, so what else isnew? how's the shop?- hmm, thriving.- yes.which is shocking becauseas you may or may not know,i've struggled withgroup work in the past.david, you are livingan exciting new chapterin the book on tape of your life.and you, you did this all by yourself.okay, just so you know,that's not really a compliment,but thank you.- oh my god, hey.- hi.um, so i took your advice,which in retrospect is weirdconsidering we like literally just met.fair enough. and?turns out that text messagewasn't for me after all.oh.his girlfriend was at a bakery,hence the whole "i prefer bagels thing".right. so that girlfriend detailwoulda been prettyuseful in the conversationwe had earlier, but still, i'm sorry.oh, i feel somewhat responsible.yeah, i can see that.it's just weird because like,i'm always the one being chased.i assumed that, based onyour face, and... body.right?at least you got your answer.you know what, rach,part of me feels likewe were destined to meet today.well, that would makeyou the one good thingto come outta my day.- oh no.- yeah.to be honest, i camehere to win someone back,and it didn't happen.so, my big grand gesture ends here.sleeping alone in some roadside motel.listen, it's not over yet.why don't you comewith me to the barbecuethat my parents are throwing?we can be each other'slittle... little daties.i would love that.thank you.- that's it, watch your step.- yeah.okay, right, here. perfect.perfect. there ya go,we make a good team, pat.- no, john, no, we're not doing pat.- no we're not.okay, we're not waitingfor alexis, are we?because honestly, icould eat this tablecloth.- medium rare for david.- thank you.you know um, this wasn'tactually the first timethat i've been put towork by the rose family.my first job in high schoolwas actually at a rose video.get outta town! what branch?- 785.- 785.- impressive late fees.- thank you.can you pass the ketchup, please?okay, how did i not know thatyou worked at a rose video?well, let's hope that you continueto surprise each other.it keeps the relationship titillating.okay, please never say titillatingwhen referring to my relationship.- oh, can i though?- no.well, anyone with aglass, please raise them.to relationships...old and new.um, thanks for waiting.alexis! just in time!everybody, this is my new friend rachel,she's having a bit of a day.patrick?rachel, what are you doing here?what are you doing here? i'vebeen texting you for 2 days.wait, patrick is your fiancé?uh, i'm sorry you have a fiancée?no i... i mean i don't... now.but yes, at some pointi mean we... we were...patrick, what's going on here?okay, um, i just thinki might need a sec.david.i'm gonna talk to you in a minute,we've got a lot to talk about.who is she?i glanced down at myplate for two seconds.david, i-i need toexplain a couple of things.um, what would be themain one, do you think?rachel and i were engaged,but i called it off before i moved here.okay, you know what, youdon't need to explain yourself.- i think... i think that i do.- no, i know you do,that's just what i'm supposedto be saying in the moment,so, please continue.- okay um,we got together whenwe were in high school,and we've been on and off ever since.i don't know we always justsorta fell back into it.anyway, she's been reaching outand expecting us to get back togetherfor the past few months.- whoa.over the past few months?and you didn't thinkto tell me about this?you stood in front of meand told me to trust people.i know.when i was perfectlyfine not trusting people.not trusting people is what i'm used to.it is my comfort zone.but next thing i know,there's an oversizedcookie on my doorstep,and you are telling me thati have nothing to worry about.i didn't want it toaffect what we have. okay?and i mean it when i tell youthat you have nothing to worry about.'cause no matter howhard i tried with her,it just never felt right.and up until recently,i didn't understand why.david, i've spent most of my lifenot knowing what rightwas supposed to feel like,and then i met you.and everything changed.you make me feel right, david.that is quite possibly oneof the most beautiful thingsi've ever heard anyone say.um... outside of the"downton christmas special".- it's the truth.- i know um...it's just that my truthis that i am damaged goods,and this has reallymessed things up for me.and i think i need some time with it.all right.actually um,i haven't had dinner yet, so...i'll grab ya a slider.more than one, um,and some potato salad,and i think there were someother sides on the table,but i couldn't see,so maybe just asmattering of everything.okay.okay.i talked to tony yesterday,he seemed very, very upset.okay, how long do you thinkbefore i can go in there?well, i don't know, he had 6 sliders.i'm assuming he'll befalling asleep soon.my poor baby.i told him he was out of the quicksand,but he's not, john, he's sinking.and there's nothing i can do about it.okay, don't get mewrong, i feel super bad,and partially responsiblebecause i invited rachelto the barbecue, but at the same time,he's been watching that show for 3 hoursand my phone's in there.well, you might have to go one night- without your phone, alexis.- ugh!david! david!i know he will, but what's gone so wrongbetween the two of you?what's so wrong thatit can't be patched up?- you don't mean... yes, it's true!- _