- morning!- hey! how are you?- oh!- good morning!hi. oh, just continue on inside.well, i hope we didn'tcatch the two of youwith your pants down.- oh...- i'm just joking, i can see they're on.no, we actually listenedoutside to make sure.we just brought some leftovers by.we had a little thingat the house last nightand we didn't want all thefood to go to waste, so.yeah, and you know what?


we would have invited the two of youbut it was kind of a...political schmooze-fest.a lot of pressing of theflesh, and greasing palms,that kind of thing, you know.it wasn't as much fun as it sounds.oh well, who wants aninvitation to big soireewhen you can be metthe very next morningwith some table scraps.you know, people weretalking about you too, moira.oh, they were talkingabout the other candidate?yes!you know, i can't wait forthis whole thing to just be overso we can all just hang out again.- yeah, yeah...- mm-hmm.


well, we are off to the bank.we've got lots of donationsthat we need to deposit.- well, thank you. bye!- bye!those two are not assimple minded as we thought.he is.-- synced by the_foe ---- (dla kochasi) --david, ted said thati had to wear scrubs,but what does that mean really?um, i think it meansyou have to wear scrubs.ugh. i know but look at me.you look... amazing.who designs these things?!whatever happened toempowering women's sexuality?i don't think sex appealis the guiding principlebehind nursing uniforms.obviously you've never beenout for halloween, david.so are you nervous?this is like the firstjob you've ever had.no it isn't.putting your name on aline of edible nail polishisn't what i would call having a job.i was very hands on, david.i came up with allthe flavours by myself.even the one thatpoisoned all those people?david, the factory inguangzhou assured usthat it was lead-free. ugh!anyway, i'm actually reallylooking forward to this.you look like a stick of gum.like... what? david!well how much did she take?um, i'm gonna go get alatte. do you need anything?she's an it manager, gerald.she makes more moneythan both of us combined.i shouldn't be worryingabout these things.i would love a hot tea.okay. um...is everything okay?yup. just chatting.listen, let me giveyou some cash for that.i don't think that expensecard is long for this world.mm, okay. it's just i have, um,four more taxidermy peacockscoming this afternoon.oh, i can pay cashfor those. that's fine.don't answer that.it's either gerald or the schooland i can't deal with either right now.okay. um, this is really intense,so i'm gonna go get that tea.you're a doll. you're a doll!hey! sorry i'm a bit late.um, i wasn't sure what the etiquette wasfor this kind of thing,so i walked aroundthe block a little bit.oh, you can show up early, or on time.early is probably even better.okay, great.alexis, you wanted to betreated professionally,so i have to ask,where are the rest of your scrubs?oh. i thought this waskind of an either/or thing.no, they come as a set.that's why i gave you both.those bare legs are dangerous.ted!no, i'm serious.the animals carry bugs or ticksthat can burrow into your bare skin.ew!don't worry, we'll just haveyou focus on filing for today.um, okay. awesome!thank you. so many files!i'll just dive right into this.you won't even miss your last secretaryonce i get finished with these puppies.good news!i found you a loaner pair.helen must have left them.phew.thank you, ted. those are just perfect.hello!ronnie! hello you!you're looking well today!new khakis i see.are you enjoying your coffee?i was.i'm going to presume you wereat jocelyn's thing last night.how was that?- good. lots of dairy.- oh, yes.if anyone knows how to put alactose intolerant in the hospital,it's our jocelyn.moira, is there somethingi can do for you?yes, thank you!ronnie, i was wondering whether or notyou have decided on acandidate to endorse?- not yet.- oh! good.why is that good?i'm hoping i might persuade youto put your weight behind me.political weight.i now realize 'clout' wasthe word i was looking for.what makes you think i'd vote for you?you are a sensible woman, ronnie,and you speak your mind.i-i can feel yourfrustration with roland.now imagine his wife on council,strengthening his agenda...- and?- and, were i on council,i could support your agenda.we could support each other's agendas.well, i don't hate what you're saying,so here's what i'm gonna do.i'm gonna invite someof my girl friends overand if you can get on thegood side of these women,let's just say you'd belocking down a key demographic.it's a date.no. no, it's not. iwouldn't call it that.no, i-i didn't... i didn't mean...- uh! just...- no, i...- thank you.- okay.thank you, ronnie.um, doris, that is so exciting!love him for you!i don't know. i mean, pooralbert's allergic to cats.but i can't leave mittens alone.so how do i spend time with albert?veterinary clinic, how can i help you?can i put you on hold?okay, so if there's one thing i learned,is that when it comes to loveyou cannot let littlethings get in your way.like i once dated this sultan's nephewwho was forbidden to talkto me or even to look at meand we made it work for likehalf a regime change, so...- you what?- i know.- uh, alexis,- yes.- can i talk to you for a second?- yeah.we're gonna put this onpause. the doctor needs me.- yes?- so how's the filing coming?i have been swamped.doris's cat is liketotally high maintenance.yeah, well, doris hasbeen worried about her catfor two years. she comes in every week.okay, well, what am i supposed to do?poor thing is like desperate for a man.and, uh, why are therethree calls on hold?um... i don't know, someone hung up?okay, alexis, there is more to the jobthan just keeping thecustomers happy, all right?this is a place ofbusiness and right now,there are clients waiting to talk to me.are you sure thatyou're cut out for this?- mm.- okay.'kay.well, look, i-i can'ttalk about this now,i have to go.i just wanted to let you knowthat we just sold oneof the leather ponchos.oh, we're selling leather ponchos now?well, that doesn't sound cheap.no, it's not, whichis why it's so excitingthat we just sold one.- that's fabulous, david.- it is.um, so i was gonna go,unless needed me for something else.that was gerald and...now i have a meetingat the school tomorrowand i've got no one to takecare of my stepdaughter.his ex-wife certainly won't do it.wow... well, if there'sanything i can do, just...i need someone to takecare of my stepdaughter.okay. well, if there'sanything i can do, just...i need you to takecare of my stepdaughter.'kay, i don't thinkthat's a very good idea.i'm gonna drop her off at four.i'm looking forward to it.you're a doll.i brought you some trail mix,but i spilled it in my purse.so sweet of you, doris. thank you.hey, i was thinking aboutwhat you said yesterdayand, um, i think...now is not a good time.okay. um... how are things with mittens?uh... he-he's dead.ew!i'm just trying to figureout what happened, all right?okay. um, well, what ami supposed to tell doris?don't say anything to her.just keep her company whilei figure this out, okay?okay, so i'm just supposedto act like nothing happened?- yeah, for now.- okay.um, how am i supposed to do that?- alexis.- okay.yeah. 'kay.hi!um... do you have any like dvdsor like a dusty oldboard game i could borrow?oh, usually we reserve thosefor our platinum members.mhmm.oh, but i do have a rummoli boxfilled with puzzlepieces on the shelf there.sounds like something you'dfind at a serial killer's house.hmm. big night planned?um, i am babysitting tonight, so...you're joking.mm-mm. i wish i was joking.but you hate kids.mm-hmm. that's correct.- oh my god. can i watch?- no.- or video tape?- no, you... no.- can i bring friends?- no.my boss's life is abit of a mess right now,so i said i'd help out bybabysitting her stepdaughter.and you're sure youcan do this on your own?mm-hmm.um, 'cause i'm a fullycapable human being.um, if you happen to find any xanax...lying around anywhere,can you just... let me know about that?i-i think i might just pickup these treats while i wait.oh... um, yeah, no, um...but these treats are actuallygonna go on sale next week,so maybe you just wannahold off until then?well, i think he'd really like them.yeah...i'm sure he would really like them...if he wasn't... dead.- what?- yeah, he's dead.but! but the good news is, you're not.mittens is dead?yeah. but um...but you're free, doris,and, in a way, so is mittens.- oh. what happened?- we're not sure yet,but i think that the important thingis that mittens is no longer suffering.oh, what do i do now?do i put him in a box? bury him?ew! no, we don't have to talkabout that right now, okay?i know this is hard.but, um, the upside, um...the upside... oh! is thatalbert from the down the hallcan now come over for dinnerwithout worrying about hisallergies threatening his life.hey. i think it's time that we find youa new love of your life.it's okay.♪john, wait. i didn't tell you earlierbecause i didn't wantyou to back out on me,but you're going to be theonly man here this evening.well, i think i can handle that.mm-hmm? ronnie told me that her friendsrepresent a key demographicand i don't believeit's women with husbands.- oh...- mm-hmm.i feel really good about this,and i think you justapproach these womenlike you did paula, our landscaper.very strong, very forceful.- oh!- hello, ronnie.- hi.- hello.come in... both of you.we're counting down thetop 100 hottest stars in hollywood.from this canadian...has that actress had work done too?um, yeah, you can always tellbecause their upper lip sort of...i mean, like, puffs a bit.- yeah.- yeah.- do you want more coffee?- yes, please.okay, so we've run out of sugar.um, do you want it stillbecause i don't really.this star has everyone wondering...how will that face turn out?well, folks, take a look at her now!you okay?i'm fine...- are you sure?- something happened.what?!nothing. just d-don't look on the bed.the self-described tom-boy...... has become aserious star on the rise,which is why we've named her number...- it's okay!- on our hot list!needless to say, that was the last timei played charades with fran leibovitz.oh, this is wonderful. wonderful!and i would love to regale you all nightwith entertaining anecdotes,but i would be remissif i didn't outline some of my policiesfor this community of remarkable women.moira, could i have a word?excuse us, ladies. family matter.i knew i should've lefthim home with the sitter.moira, i have a feeling notevery woman here is a lesbian.oh, john, you love to thinkwomen are flirting with you.no, i was just talkingsomeone over therewho has a husband. a male husband.everything all right?yes. ronnie,when mentioned earlierthat i might lock downa key demographic thisevening, you meant what?entrepreneurs.everyone here is a member ofthe women's business association.oh. business association.yes, that's what i...i think we're all ready when you are.all i'm missing is my teleprompter!- business association.- yes, i heard her.oh god.you know, i have tosay that i'm impressed.it's not everyone whocan tell an old womanthat her cat is dead, andset up a love connection,and sell our most expensive marble urnin the same three-minute conversation.well, i'm not totally sureabout the love connection.i'm still waiting fordoris to text me back.- right.- so.uh, was there somethingthat you wanted to say to me?- what?- uh, just earlier,it seemed like you weretrying to tell me something.oh! no, i think it wasabout, um, vacation days.- ah.- yeah, you had mentioned two weeks.so i guess i was just wondering,um, how many two-week vacationsare available per year?well, tell you what, whydon't we start with oneand then we'll just go from there.okay. yeah. that could work.- great.- great.honestly? nothing is more natural...um, aside from maybe the...thread count in these sheets,but that's okay! 'causeyou're a woman now!um, and nothing aboutthat is embarrassing.i'm not embarrassed, i'm scared!i mean, you were talking so muchabout your high thread count linens...yeah. well, i think it's gonna come out.and how they were madeby egyptians or something?no, i'm well aware of that. um, so...so, uh, i think my sisterhas some wonderful productsin there for you.uh, health accessories,so feel free to help yourself to those.um... okay.uh...so you can just tie thataround your waist, okay?yeah, thank you.mmm... okay.equality. freedom. marriage.these are the rights of every community,and even more specifically...the business community.no faction of society deservesto be discriminated against,especially women who...are in business faction.one of my top priorities will be to...to change people's misguidedand ignorant perceptionsof women like you.you did not choose this life!no, each one of you wasborn to be an entrepreneur.why don't i open up the floorto some of your concerns?i want to elect someone whounderstands the pressuresof working and raising a family.very nice, yes. i love that.- working and... ?- raising a family.and raising a family.well, john, my husbandwill back me up on this,i had a six-and-a-halfseason careeras an actress in television,which i put on holdto devote all my time and energyto raise two milliondollars for charity.and two children.oh, yes, and two children.hmm? and on top of that, imanaged a staff of twelve.you ran your own business?household staff, yes.ronnie says you'veonly lived here a year?that's true, ronnie, thank you,but i am a quick study.karen, i learned tonight thatyou run a gravel business, yes,and you, audrey, you managea team of accountants,and you, tara,you're very concernedabout your inverted nipples.which i assumed was public domain;there were a lot of youaround when she told.well, ladies, i'm-i'm notthat different from any of you.i had my first job at the age of ten,sweeping up hair in a beauty salon.i will never forget thevalue of a hard day's work.believe me when i tell you, if elected,i will put just as muchwork into my time on councilas you women put intoyour businesses every day.oh, being in business myself,i've attended quite afew of these functions,and this one was quite the success.yeah, i think your wife's gonna do okay.well, she pulled it off, didn't she?considering she camein - well, we both did -- thinking everyone was...- black?no. i mean that everyone was leaning...- younger?- john, we should go.no, what i mean is that, uh,that i am very comfortableseeing women with other women.- uh-huh. - yeah, thatdidn't come out right. i...m-moira and i have beenvery, very supportiveof the lgbtq community.- oh, john... john.- for...did i leave out a letter?thank you so much, ronnie.i love your friends andi really loved that dip.oh, the dip was incredible,really, for men and women.that's... good night.-- corrected by chriske --