um, alexis, do you mindtelling your phone to fuck off?ugh.what's bumpkin?what? nothing. gimme that.oh my god, is this a dating app?it's an online socialhub for rural singles,if you must know,david. i signed twyla up.well, why does it sayalexis you have a new match?research. i was testingthe water for her, david.poor thing's clueless.well, miguel says hi.


why is he shirtless withan armful of puppies?oh my god, we matched?his nipples are out.ted can't know about this, david.miguel's the only other vet in town,and they have this like dumb rivalry.when has that ever stopped you?i remember that summer youdated all 3 hanson brothers.this is different.i no longer need backstagepasses to the teen choice awards.how did you even match withmiguel in the first place?i swiped right, obviously.like look at him, david.i didn't actually expect we'd match.


- you didn't expect to match.- okay, fine, i did,but i just wanted tosee what would happen.he's the only attractiveperson on here, david,what did you want me to do?well, then go on a date with him.- i can't.- fine, then don't.- okay, but i want to, david.- oh my god, alexis,i am suffering romantically right now,and there was a minute when i thoughti would never have tolook at another dating app,and here you are shovingbumpkins in my face.it's bumpkin with a wink emoji.he messaged me again.he actually sounds kind of chill, david.what did he say?- sup?- okay.ready when you are, mr. rose.ready for what?we have a 1:00 reservationfor lunch at the café.oh moira, i completelyforgot about lunch.and i just gave stevie the day off.how many days off isstevie allowed to request?well, she'd worked 14straight days, so...it's starting toremind me of rose video,when your work consumedyou, and i would miss you so.except now i don't have the jetand the free dvd's to distract me.well, i don't knowwhat to say, sweetheart,i-i still have mostof the rooms to clean.would it be too much to ask the gueststo clean up after themselves?hm, yes, it would.it's basically theonly service we provide.very well. if lunch is canceled,i suppose i'll show up ontime for jazzagals rehearsal.isn't that something youshould be doing anyway?oh, there's so much timewasted off top, john.yap, yap, yap, do, re, mi.a lip buzzing 'til i'm blue in the face!i promise i'll make itup to you, sweetheart.okay. as long as we'retabulating scores,this will mark the 3rd timeyou stood me up this week, john.hmm.turn everything off, please.- why aren't you dressed?- because i'm not going.because i'm too tired.you've been sleeping for two days.what's your point?i'm finding it hard to believethat you don't have theenergy to go to a spa.i know, i'm scaring even me.why are we going to a spa, again?because you're having boyfriend issues,and this is my reluctantattempt at being supportive.well, that's very thoughtful of you.i also have a groupon,which i was planning on using with jake,but i thought you might need it more,so, get up before i change my mind.- i can't.- get up.no!oh my god, david.ah!this is really pathetic.what kinda spa is it, andwill there be treatments?you're a monster.miguel looks so strongholding all those puppies.maybe i should get into online dating?oh, i'm not into online dating,i'm just showing david how it works.- so when are you seeing him?- oh wow, no,i don't think that wouldactually be a good idea.in fact, i might haveto cancel on him tonight.so you are seeing him?technically yes, but like,he and ted have this thing.oh, and ted asked you not to see him.no, he doesn't know.sorry, so what's the problem?i mean, ted's not goingon a date with him.yeah, i mean i guessthere isn't really anything- standing in the way.- so there you go.it's just that i used to date ted,and now i'm gonna be dating this guy,and it's just gonna be weird,and i don't wanna doanything to upset ted.so then maybe don't goon a date with this guy?it's just that there arelike ten guys on here,and three of them are ray.yeah.♪ fat spatula ♪♪ fat spatula ♪♪ fat spatula ♪♪ fat spatula ♪♪ fat spatula ♪- ♪ fat spat... ♪- ah! john, what are you doing here?is it david?oh no, you can speakfreely in front of the gals.no, no, david's fine. david's fine.a little depressed.stevie had to force himinto her car, but you know.then, to what do we owethis off-book sojourn?well, i thought about what you said,and i didn't wanna fall into old habits,so i delegated the restof the cleaning to roland.sweet gesture, but was that wise?no offense, jocelyn.i was gonna ask him the same thing.and that frees us upfor a little date night,uh, after you've finished rehearsing.oh, where are you taking her?- the café.- ah!if that doesn't scream romance.there was a time when this dusky charmerused to constantly whiskme off to ports unknown.actually johnny,ronnie could alwaysuse another baritone,why don't you join us?oh, no.no, i'm just here to showsupport. so, as you were.oh, my husband, theportrait of self-effacement.you should all knowthat this man's voicemelted more than a few hearts.johnny, why don't youjust come and join ronnie?oh, no, no, no!no, no, i... haven't usedthe old pipes in so long,and i... i wouldn't want to♪ impo-o-o-ose ♪somebody just nailed their audition.oh, ha ha.i've got perfect pitch, sodo not mess this up for me.- i understand.- okay.oh wow. is this some kind of sick joke?yeah, um, so jake and i found outthat if you tell these resortsthat it's your honeymoon,they usually upgradeyour room and stuff,and give you free booze, but uh,we've never had anythinglike this before.oh. lucky me.sorry.shoulda just told 'em the wedding's off.mhmm. so, jake and his littlepony are goin' on datesand having sexy honeymoon weekends?no, only sometimes, when it's necessary.hmm.so you're in love then. you'relike falling in love with jake.it's impossible to be in love with jake,only jake is in love with jake.he's just... really goodat celebrating my body.so, i'm keepin' him around.have you heard from patrick?we're taking sometime to regroup at the moment.ooh. feeling very rawright now, you know?um, it's just like a lotof emotional triggers.like that?so, thank you for saving me from myselfbecause one more day at that moteland i think thingswould've gotten very dark.hm. no problem. just put this on.okay i'm not playing intoyour fraudulent behaviour.you still want the free booze, right?gimme the ring.can't believe i caught that.♪ do do do do i feel so far away ♪1, 2, 3, 4!♪ i feel so far away ♪♪ when we're takin' ithome takin' it home ♪- ♪ takin' it home! ♪- yeah.woo!- not bad. not bad.- oh thank you, ronnie.oh john, a near-perfect return to form.i thought it was really great.ah, mrs. rose, i didn't knowthere were two singers in the family.well, professionally speakingthere's still only one.but i do applaud the vigorwith which you embracerecreational activitiessuch as this, mr. rose.well, anything tospend a little more timewith my special little songbird.ooh, okay ladies, if you don't mind,i'm going to allow myhusband to steal me away,for a modest repast across the avenue.and i should get back for my shift.and we're still going forpost-rehearsal mocktails, right ladies?i dunno about anybodyelse, but i am drinkin'.so we're all headedin the same direction?it looks like it.i'll get out the fancymartini glasses. fun!boy, we never did this backin the rose video days, did we?no, but i'm sure we had our reasons.- alexis.- yes?- miguel.- oh my gosh, hey.hi.i didn't recognize youwithout your nipples.- huh?- the puppies... the um,the cute little puppies that youlove to photograph yourself with.ha ha, yeah, yeah, i leftthem at home. the puppies.brought the nipples.- oh good.not about the nipples,um, about the puppies.- right.- so anyway, how are you?uh good. good, good.i'm just really glad we couldmake this work. champagne?uh, they serve champagne here?i believe it's called zhampagne,it's from the very famouszhampagne region of france.- can't wait to try it.- mm-hmm.- hmm.- so, um, how long you been on the app?uh, oh i'm not. well i am,but i just downloadedit to show a friend.well, worked out well for me.someone's a smooth talker.- no.- this is a relief.i um, i was actuallythinking about not coming.what was holding you back?uh, i dunno, just likeam i ready for this,and i'm not even on the app,so like should i be using it?right.i just like making careful choices.yeah, yeah. i'm just gladthat you... you could come out tonight.um,to... careful choices.yes. to that.okay, everybody.hi. i'm bobbie, and i am soexcited to be your waitress.we just love honeymoonershere at crystal elms.please, right this way.here you go.wow.- oh my god.- thank you.okay, and i will be rightback with your menus. okay.♪♪♪- no. absolutely not.- okay, and i completely understand.um, i just worry that ifwe don't put the hats on,that the other guests willinevitably force us to.okay.so.so, turns out we are notthe only ones celebratingthe bride and groom.this is from a patrick.says, "have fun, enjoy thenight. thinking about you."oh, wow, that is just very sweet.and i can assure you thata fun night is guaranteedafter a bottle of this. right?yeah, she gets it. okay.did our waitress justmake a sex reference?i mean, i don't think that'sreally surprising at this point.um, so you obviouslyhave spoken to patricksince he knows we're here.okay um, we may have been texting.he's covering for me at work.and these, these are ourcomplimentary lovebird wings.they are chicken, not actual lovebirds.uh, and oh, the specialtonight is a lover's curry.so, i will be back, and iwill take your order. okay so.oh, wow.- oh, one more.- oh my god.oh.sorry, you were saying?um, how did you get so good at this?hm, you learn pretty quicklywhen you're in a ugandandiamond smuggler's villaplaying for your friend's freedom.- right, right. wait, what?- that was fun.yeah, i know. i know.i don't uh... you know,i don't get to date alot. busy schedule and...and whatnot, but there is justsomething about you, you know...i actually,i changed my shirt 3times for tonight and uh,i'm sorry, i probably shouldn'tbe giving that all away.no, it's cute.and i was actually nervous, too.well, you... you look great.no, yeah, i know it wasn't that.um, you're gonna thinkthis is so random,but it was actuallyabout something else.well, whatever it was,i'm just glad that we could do this.i used to date ted.- i'm sorry?- ted mullins?- he's the veterinarian.- no, no, no,i know who ted is.- okay cool,i just felt like we werebeing honest with each other.wait, weren't you his receptionist?executive assistant. and yes,but only for like a minute.but you guys were engaged?- um, verybriefly. - uh-huh.and just twice.and we've both moved on.he has a girlfriend now,and apparently they'relike very serious.okay look, there is nobodywho wants to see ted failmore than i do, professionally speaking.personally, i feellike this is off limits.it just feels... wrong.okay, that is what i've beensaying, to literally everyone.what, you've beentelling people about this?no. some people. just close friends.and that is the reason thati wasn't gonna come tonight.- yeah, but you came.- okay, bottom line,we've both had a lot of zhampagne,so i just feel like we needto hydrate, and reflect.wow.i mean, yeah, but...i don't think i can do this.okay, just to be clear,i couldn't do this first.so i guess i am payingfor the zhampagne then?and so, he says to thecop, "well, if it was mine,i wouldn't've put it in my mouth."oh, veronica, once again,you reign supreme as thequeen of the triple entendres.i just have to say this.i know that we are the jazzagals,but it was pretty great to havea jazza-guy in our midst today.oh.yeah, if you're around next week,it wouldn't hurt to have the help.not to dim the charge onthis delightful conversation,but john, why don't you and i go- and get the gals another drink?- okay.no, no, the next round ison us for our newest member.lemonades for moira and me...and two cosmos for the baritone section.♪ yes, please ♪john, i wanna thank youfor what you did for me today.and i know it was donewith the best of intentions.i'm getting the sensei did something wrong.oh, not at all.in fact, you've enlightened me.i realize i take one thingfor granted in this town.- oh, moira.- my time with the jazzagals.ah.as sad as it sounds,these rehearsals havebecome a tiny oasisin the echo-y canyon thati now call my social life.i don't know if you've noticed, john,but this transition hasnot been the easiest for me.i can't say that i have not noticed.aside from rehearsals,few things keep me going.my nightly sleeps, afternoon naps,and of course meals with my husband.and there will be more of those.but john, i have so few pleasures,that if i start combining them,then i'll have evenless to look forward to.i understand, moira.so, would you like meto leave you to cocktailswith the gals, then?oh god, no, we'llleave together, please.there are only so manyways i can feign amusementat ronnie's comedia del commode.so the lover's curry was a mistake.yeah, it was.uh, but we got through it,and now we have a story wecan only tell each other so...patrick would find it funny.we will not be telling patrick.another secret for the pile.okay, not to put any of theblame on you in this situation.obviously patrick should'vetold you he had a fiancée,but... why didn't you ask him?if he had a secret fiancée?well, no, but did you guys nottalk about your dating history?i guess i just thought thedeeper we got into his past,the deeper we'd have to get into mine.and, historically speaking,the more i revealed of myself,the less interested people got.so.okay, so i'm gonna go out on a limband say that you wereprobably surrounding yourselfwith the wrong people,and we both know that patrickis not that kind of person.also, i know everything about you,about your history,your family, and i'm still here.i think you're my best friend.you think?well, i can't know for sure,because i'm realizingnow that i don't thinki've ever really had one.okay, well, if we're being honest,i don't think i've ever had one, either.this would be a really sweet moment,if what we had just admittedto each other wasn't so sad.sadder? when you were in the bathroom,i finished the restof the lover's curry.okay, you'll be sleepingin the bathtub tonight.i understand.well, honey, i don'tthink you should letone embarrassing encountercolor your experience,on bumper.- bump-kin.so you upload your photo,and the bumpkin sendsit to local singles.it's not called the bumpkin.okay. oh, here's one.isaac, 31, works on his family's farm.certainly loves to take picturesof himself in waterfalls.hmm.though harvesting crops does producea nicely-sculpted physique."looking for a hook-up."well, that sounds promising, alexis,he's open for hookingup for dinner, or drinks.uh-uh, that's not what that means.- okay, moving on to jebediah.- okay, stop!comes from a largefamily. oh, not my kids.that's a step in theright direction, alexis.- scroll down, moira.- okay. oh my wives.all right, which way do youswipe to get rid of this one?- okay, gimme my phone...- oh, alexis, look,you've just bumpkined with jebediah.- what? ew!- oh, and now we're back to ray.ew!how did ray get sucha beautiful bathroom?well...