flowers!oh, john, i do love howyou keep the magic alive.well they're not from me, moira."sorry for your loss.she was really something."ew. who was something?well, i don't know.they didn't even... puttheir name on the card.- mom?- in here.oh, thank god.the internet says you're dead.what? whadda ya mean?


who's saying that?your mother's not dead.i'm standing right here.yeah, well now i know, but it's weird- 'cause they're still saying it.- so people are believing it?um, well it doesn't helpthat alexis just tweeted"goodbye to a great actress,"with a cool sunglasses emoji.ok, i'm wearing sunglassesbecause i'm in mourning, david.what is the source of this falsehood?and what photo are they using?unclear and primarily ahead-shot from the 90's,so fresh, and young, and permed.so what are you saying?the entire internetthinks your mother is dead?um, well not like the entire internet.


it's not even trending,which is actually kind of sad.- mhmm.- that's what you think is sad?someone just dropped these off for you.i'm assuming you're not dead?all right, considerthis camel's back broken.who sends pink carnations?oh johnny, johnny, get over here.come on, lemme give you one.oh yeah. oh good, thatfeels good, doesn't it?- she's...- let it out.she's not dead, roland.boy, it's strange, i canalmost still smell her perfume.it's because i was just talking to her.well, i understand. you know,sometimes i wear jocelyn'srobe when she's outta town.yeah, it was a misprint, roland,moira's very much alive.oh, well, thank god! geez.you know, i gotta be honest with you,this news really kinda hit me hard.that's... very nice.yeah, the first thing i thought of iswhat would happen to the babyif something happened to us?roland, this is kindof a heavy conversation- to have at 9 a.m., isn't it?- johnny, johnny,i want you to be thegodfather to my child.what?well, it's a no-brainer, johnny.- i mean, we're best friends.- yeah... but are we?and to mark the occasion,i wanna take you to a celebratory lunch.well that's not necessary.well, nothing's too good forthe godfather of my child.i can't believe it.i mean, i literally saw herwalk past the cafe yesterday.i know.and again you know,my thing with ghosts?- yeah.- but she didn't seem angry- like the other ones.- oh.you know, it says here,that moira was projected to be nominatedfor 10 daytime people's choice awards.- 12!- oh my god.the most projected nominee- to have never actually been nominated.- moira?we were just reading anarticle that said you were...shh. fear not. she hath risen!it's so good to see you. in the flesh.credit that internet!due to careless reporting,and the gullibility of the masses,everyone thinks i've died.yeah, because the news is everywhere.thank you.did you see the bylineby maria menounos?no? how did it go?the unsung hero of afternoon television.oh they're singing my praises now.oh moira, we are sohappy that you are okay!yes, jocelyn, thank you.can you imagine an alternate universein which i've actually died?wow. i wonder what you'd be saying.i don't even wanna think about it.i know, right? but theoretically,what do we think we'dbe saying right now?uh, she always kept things interesting.yeah.or uh... heaven just gotits newest leading lady.alrighty, i think we shouldget to rehearsal, okay?we can revisit this later.thank you so muchfor taking me out, david.i really needed it.especially after everythingthat's going on with mom.okay, is that the reason,or is it because i'm on a buying trip,and that means you get free samples?we make a very good team, david.you do the talking, andi sample the merchandise.and speaking of, wemight have to circle backand get more of thesepeanut butter things- from those old farm witches.- they were mennonites,and i would put thepeanut butter square down,we're about to spend theafternoon sampling a lot of cheese.hmm. nom nom for us, david.never say nom nom, again.anyway, this is a veryimportant account for me.i've been trying for thepast little while to securean exclusivity deal with this vendor,but she's very pickyabout her retailers.everyone's trying to get theirgreasy hands on her cheese.ew, david.wait, warner farms?does this cheese womanhave animals on her farms?like goats? does she have goats?well, we're about tosample some goat's cheese,so i would imagine shehas goats on her farm.- this is heather warner's farm, david.- i know.no, like heather, heather.like, ted's heather.what? she's like 50.0 she's 42, and i know!- ugh!okay.you know what?i can't have your personal dramastorming over my businessdealings right now,so i think it's best ifyou got out of the car,- and walked home.- walked home?that would take like 15 minutes, david,that's absolutely not happening.anyway, don't worryabout me. i'll be fine.okay. um, then maybe it'sbest if you stayed in the carwith the windows down.stop it, david, i'm not a baby.so just...so roland, i've been thinking aboutyour very generous offer tobe godfather to your baby.it's not an offer, johnny,it's an offer you can't refuse.- oh. ha ha, marlon brando.- right, but from what movie?- the godfather.- no, from casino.okay, fine.it wasn't casino, brandowasn't in casino, but...- hmm?- roland,i assume when you saygodfather that it's, you know,just an honorary title?no. you'd have to stepin and raise my kidif something happened to jocelyn or me.which isn't gonna happen,but you never know in life.our house inspector said thatour furnace could go any day.oh, and i'm thinking of getting jocehis-and-hers cliff divinglessons for her birthday.oh, yeah, well you seethat... concerns me a little.well, those are just kindof extreme examples, johnny.i mean, other than that i'min the prime of good health.except for thisfriggin' mole on my back.okay, scoop of tuna on themediterranean salad, for you.thank you.and the usual fried chickenon a waffle, extra skin.- okay.- i will be right back- with the hot sauce and butter.- yes, and the gravy,twyla, please. thank you. ah.see the thing is, roland,i don't think you realize...... just how big aresponsibility you'd be,i don't wanna saystrapping to my back, but...well, johnny, that's why i'm asking youbecause um, i consider you family.oh. well, as a family member,i feel we can sayanything to each other.- sure.- and, quite frankly,your lifestyle choicesare making me just a little nervous.don't worry about me. mmm mm.- i'm okay.- good.it's just a littlepiece of skin back there.hmm.- i got it. still good.- hmm.do you wanna have a bite?i'll give you a bite you can't refuse.no, no, that's okay.that's fine. i am done.well, this is quite the spread.hm, yeah. look at all this cheese.nom nom for...i'm glad we couldfinally make this happen.i know i've been alittle hard to pin down.it's just we're a family-run business,and there's an apprehensionabout branching out.i totally, totally get that.we are also a family-run business.- this is my sister.- oh!i thought you had amale business partner.oh, i do. she is an intern.oh.um, in training to be ceoof executive buying so... okay.anyway, i just thoughtif we partnered together,we'd be able to extendyour customer base,and raise your brand awareness.ultimately, like, raise brand awareness.listen, david, i love your store.but i wanna be up front with you.i have been approached bya couple of other retailersthat i have to consider.hm. someone's in demand, isn't she?which makes sense becausethis cheese is amazing and...like i don't usuallylove goat cheese, but...thank you. i do havesome prize-winning goats.and it doesn't hurtthat i'm dating a vet.fun. mm hmm.must be very helpful for you.how's that going?you know, there is somethingso familiar about your voice.oh. no, people have toldme that i just have like,- one of those voices.- mhmm.super generic and trill.anyway, i just happenedto eat one of thosepieces of blue cheese,and normally i don't likeblue cheese in my mouth,but that was very... not bad.i am with you. i wasn'ta fan of it eitheruntil i started using it in salads.- oh.- speaking of salads,i just whipped up a big lunch.i would love it if you guys could stay.- ooh.- ooh.no, i for one just had like avery big peanut butter thing,so i'm feeling pretty...well, i for one did not.so we would love to stay for lunch- with an important supplier.- great.by all means, keep sampling,and i will start bringing out the food.oh um, i hope you don't mindif my boyfriend joins us?i'm sorry?your boyfriend is here?- yeah.- mhmm.you know what, i'm realizingthat this might be an imposition.get in the car! notan imposition at all.ted?the clients are gonna stay for lunch.would you mind helping me set the table?uh, sure.thanks.oh, becca demornay, what a sweetheart.it's times like this you learnwho your true friends are.i'm busy!there's kind of a situation out here.okay, come in.oh hey, so there's a reporteroutside, asking questions.i thought you should know.a reporter? here? now!yeah, didn't you expect them to come?well, i thought it might becontained to the internet.is there a scrum? how many camera crews?i think just one.unless they all used the same van.no. no, stevie, no.this is not, not how i imaginedmy resurrection news to break!impeccably dressed womanwanders out of podunk motel.no, that's not the headline!okay, well i actuallyown this podunk motel,and i don't know what choice you have.well, we have to think of something.after all my fans have endured?no, i can't let them see me like this.it would kill sir tony geary.no!no! ah! stevie, help me!ah! no!- okay.wow. well, this looks delicious.thank you so much for having us.- mmm.- mmm.well, this quiche is a treat.i didn't know you'dgotten into prepared foods?i haven't. i just made this for lunch.but if you've ever had her quiche,you can definitely saythat it is eggs-cellent.ted.so how is it you know each other?um, well...uh... well alexis and i worked together.she used to be my receptionist.that's how i know your voice.you answered the phonesat the vet's clinic.yes! well, i mean, like technicallyi had more responsibility thanjust answering the phones but...oh, and ted is the vet thatyou said you were dating.- yes.- okay,because when you said vet,i thought you meant like,a war vet.yeah, no definitely not a warvet. damn these fallen arches.i mean i must've calledthere every day, for months.yes.okay, okay. david, see,now this all makes sense.mhmm.the quiche is vivacious,and that is not a word iuse to describe quiche often,but you know, when the time is right.you know, alexis, i feel likei really need to thank you.had you not passed alongall those messages to ted,i mean, looked what happened.i feel like we owe you, or something.hmm.well, she's a very generous person so...well, if you are lookingfor a way to thank me,i know that david is looking forexclusivity on your products.ooh, she is good.okay, i'm in.um...well, that is why she isone of our finest interns.we-we need to getahead of this, stevie.we must, we must craft the perfect spinthat both proclaims i'm not dead,and explains why i've been found here.um, okay.we'll tell them you brainwashed me.could you tell then someoneelse brainwashed you?a cult. a cult. ourfamily joined a cult.there was a charismatic leader,40 something, very sexual,had very long hair,longer than you'd expect,but it worked.how 'bout this idea?um, what about telling the truth?truth serum. oh stevie, yes,those stories are always successful.- no, i meant the actual truth.- oh.i've been reading what peoplehave been saying about you.they're gonna be reallyhappy you're still around.yeah, i don't think loyaltywas ever in question.then why not come forward andbe honest about where you are?stevie, i don't...okay, that reporter's notgonna be out there forever.this is your chanceto tell your own story,in your own words.like we did during the writer's strike.right? you have the opportunityto create your own headline!yes.and honestly, would yourather be thought of as dead,than living here?mrs. rose?no, i know. i'm thinking on it.look, jocelyn, the last thing i wantis for this conversationto get... uncomfortable.oh boy.but-but there is a delicate issuethat i wanted to talk about.roland asked if you wantedto be godfather to the baby.- yes!- he has been asking everybodyto be the godparent.you're the 3rd person i'vehad to talk to today, so.oh, i see.i just think he wants to make surethat our bases are covered, you know?well... that's a relief,that your bases are covered.but here's the good news,if something does happen toone of our first 3 choices,we will definitely beknocking on your door.it's all for the best, jocelyn,because frankly the thoughtof raising another kid...yeah, well, let's face it,your first 2 were nowalk in the park, right.well, they're good kids.yeah, i mean you had a lotta help.yeah, but you know, we'revery capable parents.well if you like, we couldum, move you up the list?no, no, no, but this hasall been very, very helpful.so, thank you.ahem, well, that went well.yeah.you didn't have to do that.i just like, hate howgood this cheese is.thank you.that wasn't the mostcomfortable situation to be in.i'm just glad ted's foundsomeone so stable and healthy.you're in love with him, aren't you?yes.yup.i've always had greataffection for the press,and my fans.my fans, and the press, so thank you.yes! yes!stevie!do you happen to knowwhere the van went?uh, yeah, apparently therewas another celebrity death.oh, i'm sorry. who passed?um, you know that youtube videoof the giraffe and thekitten who are best friends?alas, i do not.okay, well the giraffestepped on the kitten.well, of course he did.- okay.- okay.i didn't think youwere gonna talk to them.oh, uh... you know what, i'm relieved.yes, enough of me for one day.yeah, well i mean, it's pretty amazingto see how many people care about you.- yeah.- i mean if i died,i'd be lucky if 1 personhad something nice to say.oh, stevie. stevie,you have years ahead of youstill to collect a cartageof adoring mourners.in the meantime, theywill laugh in your face,and they'll stab you in the back,but the moment you give up the ghost,oh they'll all have nothing butnice things to say about you.i know i will.thank you, mrs. rose.that's very comforting.and i, for one, am throughwith trying to impress people.i like the outfit you chose.well, you were a big help, stevie.heading to the cafe.it's always nice to dress for dinner.according to this, you're alive again.well, looks like we're back, sweetheart!well, it was fun while it lasted.i guess we should think aboutreturning some of these gifts?john, they're perishable.and excuse me, butthis is the first timewe've heard from most of these people.these gifts are long overdue.oh my god! as if this daycouldn't get any worse.what?cuppy the kitten's dead.oh my god, what happened?i don't know, i'm reading, david.he stepped on her?weren't they best friends?'k, kelly ripa just tweeted,she's taking tomorrow off.hashtag rip cuppy is trending.who's cuppy?honestly, what kind ofkitten befriends a giraffe?