nope. nope.- huh?- n... nope. nope.no. no. no.kids, just came in to remindyou to keep saturday open.what's saturday?what's saturday? it'syour mother's birthday.no... her birthday isthe second weekend in may.that's mother's day, honey.- i don't think so.- i just don't think thatthis is the year to be doing something big.oh, why? because we're here, in this town?


all the more reason to do something.um... i actually agree with david.um... plus, i'm gonna bein chicago this weekend.- you're what?- ted's taking me.we've been planning thisfor a super long time, so.well, can i come?- no.- okay, here's a newsflashfor both of you. you're not going anywhereand we're planning a surpriseparty for your mother.no. that's not... that's not a good idea.that's not a good idea?where would you even throw aparty like that in this town?i don't know. i haven'tthought that through yet.maybe roland's house.


listen to the wordscoming out of your mouth.then you plan it.- what? no!- oh, snap, david!talk to the hand, son, becausethe ears are no longer working.- oh my god.- 'kay, that's not at all how that works, so...cancel your trip, alexis,because the travel agentis out of the office.it's so uncomfortable whenhe does stuff like that.- no. absolutely not.- i feel so weird about it.- synced the_foe for his misia :)and on saturday, we have the afternoon off,so i booked us... a chicago'sbest deep dish pizza tour.oh my god.well, that's probably gonna have to change,but what else did you book for us?uh, well, we're staying at the clarendonexecutive suites and apartments downtown.- oh my god.- got upgraded.does that mean room service?!- yeah.- babe!- hi!- hey.had an idea for mom'sstupid surprise party thing.- oh, yeah, yeah.- what if we told her that it was a fund-raiser?- she'd have to say yes, right?- yeah, yeah, yeah.- 'cause she'd have to come then, right?- totally, totally, yeah.- she loves the fundraisers and...- she loves them.wait. when's the big party?oh, it's this... saturday.alexis, did you not tell tedabout your change of plans?david, i told you that i couldn't come...- it's this saturday?- to that.yeah. but, david, i did tell you that i...won't be able to attend, so...well, lex, i mean...you can't miss your ownmother's surprise party.i am with... i'm with ted on this one.but, babe, you're going to...a veterinary conference in a chicago suburband i think that's... that'sreally important for us.yeah, i know. here's justthe thing about our mom:she'll be really devastatedif alexis doesn't come,and i'm sure you're froma really solid home and...- david...- understand.i'm gonna slap you in the face.um... but babe, what about the um...the travelling pizza tour that was so...yeah, and i'm also gonna needyou to ask mutt for the barn'cause i'm thinking of heading in thatsort of aesthetic direction for the party.um, and i know that you guys havea close working relationship, so...no. no.sweetie, there will be other conferences.i really think that youneed to be here for this.me too.david, you and mom literally ruin my life.roland!hey! johnny rose!how are you?- i'm good!- good.- listen. need a big favour.- sure.saturday is moira's birthdayand we want to throw her a surprise party.- oh!- so, we need an excuse to gether all dressed up and out of the house.well, dinner at our place. problem solved.well... tempting,but it's gotta be somethingfancy and, uh, elegant.you know, black tie.so we're thinking maybe jocelyn is throwingher "annual charity fundraiser."she hasn't mentionedanything to me about it.why would she mention it?well, johnny, uh...if she's planning a fundraiser,i think jocelyn would mentionsomething about it to her husband.it's not a real fundraiser, roland.it's just a pretend fundraiserto get moira out of the house.you see, i... i couldtell her about it myself,but she would catch on because itfalls on the same night as her birthday,so she's gotta hear about the fundraiserfrom someone who doesn'tknow it's her birthday.okay, so then you want me tofind somebody who doesn't know.no. i want you to tell her.but that doesn't make any sense.i know it's her birthday.you only know it's her birthday becausei just told you it's her birthday.moira doesn't know youknow it's her birthday.- roland i won't tell her.- why would you tell her?i won't tell her is what i'm saying to you.i won't tell her, so don't worry about it.okay, but now i am worried.i am worried... now.look, i'm taking moira out for coffees.we're going up to thecaf?, okay, this afternoon.and that would be a greattime for you to stop byand drop the informationabout the fundraiser.tell me you understand the plan.yes, johnny, i understand the plan!jeez! and i don't appreciatebeing talked to like a child!okay, i'm sorry. roland...- well, i'm sorry. it's a little demeaning.- look, i'm sorry.it's just so important.this is really important.i wanna make sure you understand the plan.okay! i understand, all right?- okay.- i just think it's awfully short noticeto start planning a fundraiser.there is no fundraiser!- right. no fundraiser.- it's pretend!pretend. it's fun time.so i... am gonna need a lift to elmdale.what does it look like i'm doing?i don't know, nothing?i'm working.- oh, you are?- yes. i have a jobthat i just can't leaveto drive you to elmdale.okay... yeah, and i totally respect that.it's just that i found aganache torte in elmdaleand i really need to pick it upbefore my mom's birthday thing, so...i work until six.okay, but like is anyonechecking in this afternoon?- it's a cake.- it's a torte!um... is there something going on?you could always just hitch-hike?and wake up chained to apole in a trucker's basement?- not today.- well, i'm working... at my job,so i can't just up andleave because you want cake.okay. well, when you put it like that,it makes me sound ridiculous...um... which i'm not.so... thank you...for your services this afternoon.hey! hey... sorry i'm late, johnny.had a little memorizing... to do.late for... late for what, roland?- i don't know what you mean?- for jocelyn's big shindig.i'm here to personallyinvite the two of youto, um, a um... annual,um, elegant dress-up eventthat jocelyn is hosting.um... well, no, i'm not inviting you,but i'm saying we're...we'll see each other there...at the very big eventthat jocelyn is hosting.the whole town will go to this event.they'll all be dressed up and um...did i... did i say that it's a fundraiser?oh, sorry, johnny. let me start over here.why are you apologizing to me?you don't have to apologize to me.no, no. it's a fundraiserfor the thing with the...children that...the-with the mouth... uh, cleft palates,and um... joc' does it every year...well, uh, roland, you know what?we're-we're... probably just gonna behanging around the...motel on saturday, you know.yeah, no, i'm sure. it's uh...hard to look at those kidsand all that, i get it.but you know what? we'll dress them up too.put us down for four tickets.really. oh yes, it's the least we can doto support jocelyn'sphilanthropic endeavours.oh! okay.well, i'm sure jocelynwould really appreciate it.well, listen, thank you, roland, for that.you're welcome.i think that went well!okay, thank you.okay. so i guess i'llsee you soon then, johnny.yeah... bye-bye.yes, goodbye, johnny.oh, sorry!ugh! could you be going any faster?well, we should put that up quick.um... so we're planningthis surprise for my momthat's totally not gonna workand i'm supposed to ask youif we can borrow your barn.but if you can't take thenight off from bedding women,i totally... understand.well, who says i can't do both?you had a bug in your hair.oh. ew!- jocelyn!- moira, hi!jocelyn, i'm so glad i've run into you.roland was mentioning yourfundraiser earlier todayand it got me thinking...my what?your annual fundraiser for thechildren with troubled mouths.oh, right. yes. it'sgonna be q-quite a night.i hope so, 'cause i'd like to be involved.- with... ?- your fundraiser.as i'm sure you know, i was on the boardof some of the mostprofitable not-profits,from san francisco to london.and after speaking with roland,i realized i was remiss not to gift youwith my wealth of experience.wow! that's very generous of you, moira.i was gonna ask you, buti didn't wanna impose.jocelyn, you must stopbeing intimidated by me.it's unnerving.- sorry.- no, it's fine. just say thank you.- thank you?- there you go! my pleasure!oh,!what do you mean, you didn't get the cake?the only chocolate ganache cakei could find, was in elmdale,and i asked stevie todrive me but she said nobecause i think she's going throughsomething right now. moira: david!i don't know. something with her body.david, i need you.i was speaking to jocelyn about thisfundraiser she's apparently organizing...whoa-whoa, you-youwere talking to jocelyn?yes, about the fundraiser,and the poor thinglooked like a deercaught in the headlights.and i cannot stand by and watch this womandrive a perfectly worthycause into the ground.so, david, you and i...we're gonna help her.okay.i asked you to get herinvited to the fundraiser,not involved in the fundraiser.the fundraiser was your idea!you didn't think yourmother would get involvedin planning a fundraiser?my god, she had hilary shaking last yearat the clinton foundation dinner.god! roland. roland. stupid roland.roland?! how did rolandget involved in this?i got him involved, itwas a bad mistake, okay?but look, it'll be fine.i will get the cake with your sister.all you've gotta do is keepyour mother under control.the north korean army couldnot keep my mother under controlwhen it comes to event planning.what? huh? oh!how long was i sleeping?i dunno, like forty-five maybe.oh?where are we?um, we're almost there.the last sign i saw said"exit elmdale," so...i haven't seen it yet, but...we should be getting there soon.the last sign said "exit elmdale?"mm-hmm.well, that was the exit to elmdale.we've gone too far, we've gotta turn back!- but you were sleeping!- well, wake me up!no! because you're sogrumpy when you wake-like you're grumpy right now.well, moira, in regards to the decorations,david was kind enough to offer mean incredibly long list ofthe things to stay away from.darling, one does notjust stick a red nose on itand call it an event.there is an order to these things.okay, here we go.again, what is theorganization that it's for?- the surgeons...- uh... the doctors who un-cleft the mouths.never heard of it.and who are the trustees?i don't think they're gonna come.oh, how very churlish ofthem. how much are tickets?um... free?we haven't figured outthe ticket price yet.i'm not paying for this thing.oh my god! do you people knowwhat the word fundraising means?why don't you leave that up to us.jocelyn, i need yourtimeline and your checklist.your plan book.well, we have a plan.it's just we haven't...you know, we're just, we're still working-listen, jocelyn is doingthe best that she can...considering what littlejocelyn has to work with.david, personal comments are in bad taste.okay, i'm trying to makesense of these flowers.what is wrong with the flowers?they're seasonal and they... tiein all of the other design elementsthat jocelyn has come up with.david, i'm sorry, butit's coup d'etat time.if we don't force jocelynto step down this moment,i don't know how we'regonna pull of this nightmare.why don't you just sit this one out then?and you are?so... david?i see.clearly you don't need the help of the mostprominent philanthropist in the country.no.fine. i wish you all the best.no, seriously, i might leave.okay, last warning. in three... two...oh my god.well, i think she is gonnabe really surprised...don't you?nine ninety-nine.and i'm telling you, you can't go wrong.you go into a jewellery store,you're gonna spend thousands.we have made it so simple...oh, david, i don't know how youdon't go mad with those people.well, those people are...putting a lot of energy intoraising money for those kids.jump ship. save yourself.okay, i'm gonna ask you to putsome pieces together here for me.we are throwing a "fundraiser"that just so happens to be onthe same night as your birthday.must you rub it in?we're throwing a"fundraiser" on your birthday.now you're just being cruel.the fundraiser isn't real.it's not a real thing.oh... you're planning a birthday thing...- mm-hmm. - that i'm notsupposed to know about.mm-mm.in a barn?we can't afford the candles. they're $2.49.they don't just come with the cake?no, apparently not.like matches when you buy cigarettes?- you smoke?- um... no.can't we just ask them to give them to us?this is not some co-op commune, alexis.you know, if there's a pricetag on it, you gotta pay for it.not if you just... take them.well, that would be lowbottom behavior, wouldn't it?okay, well, how do youthink i got these glassesfrom the gas station?you stole sunglasses?!yeah! it's a gas station.oh my god, i raised athief. go wait in the car!wait in the car while i pay for this.ugh!- hi.- hi. johnny rose.i ordered a birthday cake.yeah, chocolate ganache?that's right.boy, it smells uh...so delicious in here.whoa! thank you.there we go, my dear.wait, wait, wait. one last check.gorgeous. perfection.like your father the day i married him.look at us, the roses,attending this town's mostillustrious fundraising gala.i think you're overselling it just a bit.well, i don't see anystragglers, so shall we go in?i think we're fashionably late enough.there's nothingfashionable about this, but-after you, my dear.where are all the patrons?well, i don't know. dowe have the wrong night?surprise!what?! there's no fundraiser?!you're just here to celebrate me?oh, never in the history of surpriseshas one been so delightfully blindsided.- darling...- oh...okay, who told her?- oh, hi.- so your party's a big success.congratulations.- yeah, thank you.- your mom sure seemed surprised.yeah, my mom was... very surprised.and you got your cake.yeah, remember this cake? i'dasked you to... help me get it.yeah, so... i need to apologizefor my behavior earlier.i think it's just that this whole-it's that lady time, huh?- friend thing...- oh.is proving to be a bit trickyand i think that inbuilding that barrier up,i may have... built it a little high.okay. um... well, ifthe barrier's come down,can two friends dance? is that okay?uh... i normally only slowdance with strangers, at bars...- right.- after i've had a few...uh-huh.but um... i can make an exception.okay.- let's dance.- okay.hey!um... you look really... amazing.well, i didn't wanna be theonly one not wearing a suit.um, did you have to killa man to get it, or... ?i did.it took me a couple to find one in my size.but um... you clean up well.ugh! barely.i wore this thing to promlike a thousand years ago,but... it did bring mesome luck that night,so i wore it here tonight.you were planning on getting lucky tonight?so um... where is ted?um... he is at um...like a... a conference orsomething tonight, so...do you wanna dance?yes... i do.alexis!- ted?!- hey!what're you doing here?well, i had someone take my last seminar.i didn't wanna miss this.- hey, man.- hey.come on, let's dance.great suit, bud.thanks.killed somebody for it.oh, i love my party, john.but please don't ever do it again.well, the surprise was on me'cause this town cleaneditself up pretty well.what?corrected by chriske