kids, it happens to beour anniversary today,so it might be a nice ideaif you wished your mothera happy anniversary.okay, um...what would you like us to say?well, you could start by saying,"happy anniversary."mmm, okay, but why are we wishing hera happy anniversary?isn't that something that you twoare supposed to say to each other?


yeah, it's calledbeing courteous, honey.you know, the bloomfield kidsused to throw their parentsan anniversary party every year.mhmm... um, if we're truth telling,the bloomfields werealways a little too friendlyi just don't understandwhat kind of familywith one another.skinny dips together.john, are you ready?yes, sweetheart.happy anniversary!congratulations on yourongoing love for one another.you did it!okay kids, that's enough.


you sound like theincestuous bloomfields.have a blessed day.-- synced by the_foe for my honey ---- corrected by chriske --schitt's creek - s02e13"happy anniversary" - season finaleahem! hello there, roses.- hello there, you!- yes...may we join you?- oh, we just ordered to go.- yeah, we're not staying,we've got a million things to do.oh, well then, i guess you don't wantyour present then, huh?you wanna guess what your present is?- no, i do not.- dinner!we're gifting you a dinner!at the most exclusive eatery in elmdale.- oh.- it's very hard to get a table.but uh, i pulled a few strings.that sounds too goodto... what's the catch?no, there's-there's no catch,just every new councilmember gets a dinner, so.oh, how very civilized.it is... thank you, roland. we accept.terrific, so we'll pickyou up around seven.- we?- yeah, we have a coupon.four entrees for the price of three,it expires soon, though.it should be really fun, you guys.yes, it will be fun...well, it would be fun,if today were not our anniversary.- yeah...- wow, happy anniversary!well, thank you, thank you.you two are obviouslygonna want to spend tonightjust the two of you, so...- yes, that was the plan.- yeah.oh, well you know, the coupon expiresin three weeks, so...okay, all right, let it go.you have fun, you guys!- okay.- okay?- bye bye, now.- bye!boy, that was a close call.what are you doing with that?with what, this yearbook?could you put it back, please?!why would i put it back,when stevie budd was voted:"most likely to get the guy."with that hair cut?!i'll have you know i wasvery popular with the boys.and girls, it seems.wow, well, according to the internet,you were "mister popular."i will have you know that that head-shotgot me a two-episodearc on a tv series.what series?"dateline."i played a boy who gotabducted from a grocery store.- wow.- yeah.and the performance was so riveting,people thought i actuallywas the "value-mart victim."hmm, bet that got you laid.it did. it really did.you know, i am surprisedthat you haven't asked meto leave early today.are you telepathic or something,because i have been thinkingabout asking you that questionevery day this week.i was just kidding.oh... no yeah, me too.no, just with the bigsoiree at mutt's tonight,i figured that you wouldneed ample time to get ready.mutt's having a soiree?well, i'm sure you're invited.yeah, no. yeah, no, why wouldn't i be?um, were you invited?yeah. yeah.i guess it's just-justa bit of a pride issue,you know, do i attend theparty hosted by the guythat... you left me for?yeah, no, i'm sure he wouldn't mind.yeah, but i really wouldhave to basically throwall my self-respect justright out the window.aww, that's so sweet.so um, what time is the party tonight?happy anniversary, sweetheart.oh darling, what a sweet gesture,and a precursor no doubt,to something more grand planned.something more grand?ah, knowing your penchant for surprises,i'm guessing you havesomething else up your sleeve.- yes, i do.- uh oh!i do, i...was going to tell you later,but i booked a restaurant in elmdale,it's supposed to be very fancy!the one that roland andjocelyn just told us about?yes! yes, but...who knew they were asking us tonight!- just the two of us?- mhmm.sort of a "lady and the tramp"meets "9 1/2 weeks"kind of dinner date?could for one secondbelieve that i would nothave planned something...for our anniversary?tonight?the two of us?hi, rose, party of two.yeah, we spoke on thephone this afternoon.you're lucky we had that cancellation.yes, well, lucky for someone.we... had a reservationwhich i of course made uh,weeks ago.you always could swing a good tableat the last minute, john.okay, it'll just be a few minutes.- thank you.- okay.moira?- bev?- don!- moira!- bev!oh my god, the roses! you're alive!- ohhhh!- oh my gosh!- good to see you!- wow! what? don?- oh, i don't believe it!- come on, don!muah! muah!what are you two doing here?well, we were droppingmackenzie off at college,and decided we'd takethe scenic route home.you must... they should...you must join us!join us for dinner!- well-oh, yes!- that would be great!we are just dying to findout what you've been up to!we're dying to tell you!okay.ohhh...oh, i wouldn't do that if i were you.oh, i wouldn't either,but i couldn't find a cocktail shaker,and someone broughtroom temperature vodka.n-no, i mean... mutt made thoseice cubes from well water,so... they smell a little fishy.oh.yeah, wouldn't wantthat melting in my drink,thank you very much.- i'm jake.- david.it's nice to meet you, handsome.i-i'll-i'm gonna...so i'll just...wow! look at you.what's that supposed to mean?no, i've just never seenyou this dressed up before.i do what i want.and tonight, i'mwanting to meet someone.hmm.so, i have a certainhigh school reputationi need to live up to.uh huh, yeah, and good luck with that.um, speaking of sexual popularity,i'm pretty sure thatum... that guy at the bar,is into me.- who, jake?- yeah. jake.why, was he one of yourhigh school conquests?actually, no.but i have a pretty stellarradar for being able to tellwhen guys are into me.mhmm... um, and havingswam in both ponds,i can say that i might beable to navigate those watersa little but better than you.uh huh? well, we'll see.hmm.so-so there we are at izzytennison's country home...oh, tell me she doesn'tstill have that stuffed bison.oh, does she have it?she's moved it to the front hall!what?!grier wanted to hangher coat on the horns!and it gets better. don here...oh, wait now, don'tthrow me under the bus,it was borden who started it all.borden simons?it's like old home week!anyway, i look over,and don and borden areon their hands and knees,crawling through thedoggie door in the kitchen!it was too funny!- oh, you should've been there.- oh, wish we could've been.- maybe next time.- well, cheers to that!cheers.hey uh... johnny? moira?oh my god!um, what are you guys doing here?well, we-we just ran into each other.it's their anniversary, roland,just let them do what they want.it's your anniversary?you should've told us!we don't want to intrude.no, you're not intruding,this is a surprise treat.oh, okay, well then, are we intruding?because before you were sayingthat you didn't wannago out tonight, so...no, no, we-we uh...you can certainly join us,if you don't have your own table.we do, but that would be great!- okay!- yes, well then, by all means,yes, let's uh-let's...let's all sit at one table.- this is cozy. hello.- hi.good evening.wow. look at you.is it weird that i'm here?it's only weird if you think it's weird.yeah. okay. i don't if you don't.um, in fact, i don't actuallyknow how late i can stay.i just wanted to pop in, and say hey.well, you're awfullydolled up for a "pop in."oh my god, stop, ibasically came from work.babe, your stove's being testy again,should i just serve the cider cold?uh... alexis, this is uh, my girlfriend,tennessee. wow!wow. woweee.alexis, hi.it's so nice to finally meet you,mutt's told me so much about you.the way he describes you,it's like you're this...beautiful little poem.well, love "little!"look at you! you're like a poem too.like, a really pretty poem, or like,a mermaid, or something.mutt, you're growing back your beard.yeah, she likes it.okay.um, okay uh, i'm gonna go grab a drink.but um, it was so niceto finally meet you,tallahassee, so...- it's ah, tennessee.- yes, tennessee.i love that name, it's so unique.um, thank god you look the way you do,because that name on thewrong girl would just...ooh! so...you should feel reallygood about yourself.she's cute.you guys haven't ordered yet, have you?because i need to present thiscoupon to the waiter first.don't know what that means.he's so ironic, this one.oh!so where are you living now, moira?tell us all about it.oh, we're in a rustic, ranch style...bungalow... that...it's very nice.very nice, it's got plenty of parking,and a tv in every room.oh, how many bedrooms?- ten.- ten bedrooms!yeah, well, we don'tuse all the bedrooms.that must be a nightmare to clean!um, stevie does an adequate job.- stevie's one of your staff?- mhmm!stevie's the only staff.this olive tapenade is...salty, i know!is it? i-i thought it was good,but yeah, it's salty.hmm! here's a funny story.oh, good.on our way here, wedrove through a town...not a word of a lie,called... "schittstown!"oh! no, it was called, "schittsville!"schittsville!and from the looks of it,the town was living up to its name!let's not go for thelow-hanging fruit here, don.okay? no, these are funny jokes.please continue, don.you see, roland gets it!you know, i'm actuallyhaving more fun at this partythan i thought i would.how did you do it?well, i started by drinking all fourof those peach schnappsthat you left in my fridge...no, i mean you seemedso cool about everythingafter we broke up. itwas almost annoying.cool?alexis... i couldn't stop crying.i was scaring all the animals at work.but when i... had to go onour honeymoon without you,the zip line instructorat the los passionscouples resort told methat i just gotta get through it.meaning my fear of heights,which i did get through.but with you, it just...it took a little longer.i'm sorry.it's okay.staff dance?yes!mmm!hmm, i thought i wasshame eating in private.what is shame eating?i don't think we haveenough time for that tonight.are you looking for someone?no, yeah, i mean, sorry,i'm just, i lost my friendwho should... be around heresomewhere um, watching this so.are you here with stevie?i am. yeah.- okay.- not here "with."no, we're not together,i'm very much single, so.you wanna get some air?yeah. uh huh.mm! yeah.who do you have to kill around hereto get another bottleof this undrinkable wine?i think it's good.i ordered the one with thehighest alcohol content.what do you do, roland?something in agriculture,by the looks of it?roland is actuallythe mayor of our town.oh!not schittsville, i hope!what do you even callsomeone from schittsville?a schitter? a schitthead?- okay, you know what?- john, john.don't worry, moira, iwon't say anything untoward.we're just having fun, john.and i thought we were having fun, bev,but you know what, we're not.oh come on, it's just a joke!no don, here's the joke.the joke is i'm sitting herein a half decent restaurantwith my wife... and our friends...and all you two have doneis complain about the food,and pretend that youdidn't leave us high and dryafter we lost everything.oh, we're past all that now.i'm not quite past it, moira.you wrote us off, don.not a phone call,not an email,not a nickel.roland and jocelyn here,could not have been more generouswith what little they have.they found us a place to live,they've offered us theirtruck whenever we've needed it.they've invited us to their parties,they even offered to takeus out to dinner tonight.well, just to be clear, johnny,we were always gonna split the bill,it's just with the coupon...rollie, rollie.and that town you passed through,it's not called schittsville.it's called schitt's creek.and it's where we live.so jake, um...do you drink red wine, or white wine?i don't really drink wine.i'm more of a beer guy.right. yeah.that doesn't help me much. um...well, i better get going.i've gotta get to the shopearly tomorrow morning, so.oh, you work retail as well?no, no. the wood shop. i make furniture.ah. yeah. no, i did a lot of um...i did a lot of woodworking in high school.- oh.- yeah, uh,christie mcfaddenaccidentally nailed her handto her paper towel holder,so that's-the lesson isjust not to nail stuff...you know, i'm a pretty open-minded guy.so... why don't you stopby the shop sometime?okay.- good night.- good night.i knew it!uh...where were you?where were you?!some townies were trying to get us high,and we didn't want to offend them,because they're doing so well in life.didn't want to burn a bridge.actually, those boys didburn a bridge last summer.luckily they don't getas bored as they used to.okay. um...so jake... is into me.is he?- yeah!- what makes you think that?because we just neckedout behind the barn.seriously, what makes you think that?because we put our mouths together,out behind the barn.just so you know, i kissed him too.well, that didn't happen.who's to say?well, when would youhave had time to do that?did he invite you to his wood shop?sorry, that came out wrong.smells like grass in here.- oh my god!- oh my god!okay, this is not okay! whatare you guys doing here?!shhh, alexis!for once in your life shhhh!i don't care what snarkyremarks you kids are gonna makeunder your breath, tonightwe are dancing as a family.what is happening?do you know your father and ihold great affection for the two of you?it may not always be obvious, but...just say it, moira!we love you both very much.love you too!love you too.-- corrected by chriske --