david?can you come here please?david, can you comein here please?what?well, come in hereand i'll tell you.well, why don't you justtell me from there?- david...- you could've already told me.i want to speak face to face.motels this size,we're basically always face to face.in the same room.why are you yelling?i'm right here.


i want you to moveyour clothes.i did.out of my closet.you've got t-shirts on hangers.i've nowhere to hang my clothes.well, put them overthe t-shirts then.- moira...- alexis!no, no, it's david i want.i need to speakwith our daughter.good luck.oh, my god!where did you hear that?yeah? what is it?i need you to fillthis out please.fill what out?your community service papers.


as our only delinquent,i hope it's not asking too much.i still have to do that?generally, that's howit works, honey.when you break the law,you've gotta serve your sentence.well, it was one dui.please, before i lose my mind.i don't get it. it's all done.no, there's still a little bitthat needs to be filled in.hmm, all that's missingis my middle name.then fill it in please.do i have to do that?ugh! why must you beso constantly irksome?do you not knowmy middle name?of course i do.i blessed you with it.okay, so, um... then what nameshould i put down then?alexis, do as yourmother says, please.do you know my middle name?if i said, "anna..."i can't believe this.alexis something rose.we have so many disastersbombarding us right now, my dear.the middle name of an ungratefulchild is hardly a priority.wait. alexis hasa middle name?why is this the firsti'm hearing of this?do... do i have a middle name?now you come into the room.have we failed them, john?i'm worried about our children.are we terrible parents?terrible parents?we sent them to the bestboarding schools,we hired the best nannies.we did everything right.i mean, they're notoverly affectionate with usand there's a lot moredisrespect than i'd like,but, no, we're good parents.but who are they?well, it might be nice to getto know them better,i suppose.wouldn't it, john?but who has timeamidst all this chaos?hmm. i get it.so what's your deal?you're pretty. what's that like?um... it's good.yeah, lots of doorsopen up for pretty people.mmm-hmm.clearly, as i registerfor community service.so what'd you do?um, i drove intothe prada storeon rodeo drive.in fairness, it did looka lot like the entranceto a parking garage.uh-huh.and i was high at the time.are you high right now?no, i'm not.well, you might wanna be,'cause this isn't exactlythrilling work.and you won't be gettin'any chit chat from your buddy.what buddy?you're not the only druggyin town, hon.ronnie.mmm.here's your garbage stick.you use it to pick up garbage.and here...oh, no, i'm fine. thank you.that's very sweet.this isn't say yesto the dress, princess.orange is the new orange.okay.who needs 14 grey suits?what am i supposed to dowith my dry clean onlys?i'm still trying to figure outwhy you'd own morethan one piece of clothingyou can't putin a washing machine.you try putting a cashmeresweater in the washing machine.it'll bite your wrist.that's a problemi'd like to have.are these all your clothes?yeah.what's this, then?that's a sweater.it's one chromosome awayfrom a crocheted blanket.what?it's just your clothes,they're all kind of funky.funky?yeah. funky.yeah, no, no. i'm just trying tofigure out what about this...what about this is funky?i'm just havinga hard time understanding.it's just, you know,like funky. different.yeah, funky is a neon t-shirtyou buy at an airport gift shop,next to a bejewellediphone case.this... this is luxury.there's a lot of stuff here.have you ever consideredselling some of this?these are my things.i've hand-selected each of these things.they mean a lot to me.how much do you thinki can get for this?so you got bustedfor selling drugs?like hard drugs? like...did you wear a hazmat suitand work in a trailer?no. it was just weedand mushrooms, uppers.mostly to truckersand my high school teachers.mmm-hmm.it's actually pretty cleanaround here,which is shocking consideringthe state of our motel room.speaking of unfit homes,why do you live in a barn?what's wrong with livingin a barn?hmm, nothing,if you're a goat.well, it serves its purpose.it seems to. with the ladies.that's just a joke.i'm sorry for walking in onyou and twyla the other day.no, it's cool.so how long have you twobeen together?so, listen, i gotta take offfor a bit.i got this thing i gotta do.can you cover for me?- um, i mean...- cool.- yeah.- thanks. sorry.excuse me!what am i supposed to keep doing here?i feel like we should breakthese into categories.um...fit, fabric,and nationality.or we could do this.- i... hmm.- keep or sell?- well, those are...- keep or sell?- just keep or sell?- sell. sell them.i got these at a showroomin paris.i got these on clearance rackat target.- eight-fifty.- eight-fifty what?- eight hundred...- dollars?- $850.- $850?these are collector's. there's a womanin paris that makes them by hand, so...my car's worthless than your pants.well, i've seen your carand that makes sense to me.okay, then. right.we'll try to get $850 dollars for your pants.keep or sell?i don't know.ugh! ugh!you know, i think the reasonour kids are so casual with usis because they think of usas their friends.hmm. no.no, it's obvious.it's obvious, moira, right?because we're hip parents.- oh, john...- and that comes at a price.john, we're not hip.i'm hipper than you,but in our children's eyes,we are the polar antonymof hip.well, somehow we've lost touchwith our kids.we've becomecomplete strangers.hey! have we decided?just coffee, please.uh, twyla, do you get alongwith your parents?i did.it's a little different now.my mom has this thing where half thetime she thinks i'm her cousin angela.and it's getting harderand harderto coordinate visitation timeswith my dad in prison.i'm sorry i asked.that's okay!i'll get you your coffees.your mother andi have been talking,and we've cometo the realisationthat we've not beenvery good parents.sadly,and most of the time,we have no interestin what's going on with you.we have no idea what's...'cause she means "no idea."we have lost touchas a family,and if we're gonna getthrough this ordeal together,we have gotto get reacquainted.now, back at rose video,we had management retreatswhere we would play funteam-building exercises...you also had company-widespa days.why don't we try that?and one of the ice breakersat these retreatswas a gamethat was always a hit.and it was a game where somebodywould tell a lie about themselves,and then a truth,and then another lie,and everybody would have toguess which one was the lie.no, johnny, they had to guesswhich one was the truth.hmm. which one was the lie.it's just one lie.- what did i say?- you said two lies.- well, it is two lies.- no, it's...no, the game is"two truths and a lie."- it's truth. so you've heard of it.- that's the game.well, yeah, because babies playthat at their birthday parties.okay, whatever.it's a good game.okay? now, here's how it goes.i'll give you an example.why don't i start?um, i'm miserable, drunk, and hate this game.so... here's a hint.sadly, i'm not drunk.okay, wrong attitude.that's the wrong...- right off the top!- okay, my turn, my turn, my turn.um... okay. my eyes are brown,i am basically sample-sized,and one time i escaped froma thai drug lord's car trunkby bribing him with sex.right idea, honey,but you know what?it's gotta be morechallenging for everybody...her eyes are aqua.you did what?i'm kidding.i clearly would never bribeanybody with sex.when were you in thailand?i told youthat i was on spring break.everyone can just calm downbecause aroon was a lovely gentlemanuntil he ran out of money.how many people do you know thatare currently in the prison system?is it like 12?i'm pretty sure just two.all right, that's enough.good game.good game, everybody!alexis, you're grounded.no! that was 10 years ago,and everybody does dumb stuffin high school.you were 17?did you know this?as if. i don't do girl talk.okay, everybody doesdumb stuff everywhere.for example, i saw mutt today,the guy that lives in the barn,making outwith the mayor's wife.- what's-her-face?- mmm-hmm.- and the homeless kid?- mmm-hmm.guys like thatwill bone anything.well, not anything.stop.- 'cause that would mean...- stop. stop.- that would include...- stop it.- you. which it doesn't.- don't.ew!you know, i remember when alexiswas just a chubby-faced little girlracing around the housein that banned baby walker,and now she's spending timein a drug lord's trunk?oh, that is my favouriteliam neeson movie.johnny. johnny, lookwho's come in.is it true?"politician's neglected wifesleeps with ranch hand."- i love it.- he's not a ranch hand.he's a vagrant in a barn.hi there!- moira.- jocelyn.- johnny, hi.- hi.you look amazing.utterly alive.i don't feel it. my lower backis completely shot.oh, dear. why would that be?age?even the slightest twitchin bed throws it out.perhaps a new positionwould help?would you like to join us?no, i ate already.couldn't put another thing in my mouth.well, that's...okay. all right then.oh, my god.they sell all kinds of stuff.- hey, wayne.- hey, stevie.um, so thisis my friend david.david rose. what are yourconsignment percentages?uh, this is a thrift shop.okay. do you havesales representative?who will be pricingthese items?um... me.okay.is there a problem, wayne?it's just...i can't really useany of this.it's too, you know...funky?sure. let's go with that.okay, let's take youroily hands off my clothes.you sure you can't takeany of this stuff?some of this stuff'spretty good.maybe we can use the sneakers.maybe the sneakers?this is french suede,with a vulcanized-rubber instep, okay?you've lost my trustand my business, so...- we'll be leaving now.- sorry.what is this place?what is this place?ugh!ugh!so, what happenedto you yesterday?what happened to me?yeah, i came backand you were gone.well, i had to domost of the shift by myself.so thank godi had my rape whistle.sorry. i had some stuffi had to take care of.and did you get your stufftaken care of?yeah, i guess.'cause it seems to me likeyou get your stuff takencare of pretty regularly.by multiple people,if you know what i mean.i don't.look, i knowyou probably thinkthat you're this handsome manaround town who's likehandsome, mysterious,and handsome and homeless-ybut you're better than that,you know?what?like, i don't judge.trust me. i have been...i have been in the middle ofsome very messy group scenariosand i know how weirdit can be, so...are you okay?yeah.i'm just saying thatyour secret is safe with me.wink.let me just say, i get it.how much can one person take?well, maybe this is notour place, moira.and where does allthat pent up energy go?i should go.- hey.- hey.where have you been?i've been looking for you all morning.around.well,i tried calling you.i must have turnedmy phone off by mistake.joce, did you see himagain today?see who?oh, geez, you know, i told you,you can see him as much as you want,just don't keep ita secret from me, okay?i wanna know everythingyou two are doing.look, half the time i'm there,he doesn't even want me there.i just can't help myself.well, you love him.yeah.i love him too,but the kid's an idiot.it's our son, mutt.we're talking about our son.- yeah. our son.- oh!you done with that? got it.no, i wasn't. i wasn't...yeah, he turned intoa real nutbar.doesn't drive in cars,he won't use anything plastic.good luckwith birth control, right?and then we see you with yourkids and you're so together.what's your secret?listening is sovery important.so important to listento your kids.see, roland? listening.excuse me,i listen to the kid.if he'd listened to me,he wouldn't be sittingin a hut makinghis own underwear.the internet is a breedingground for freaks.what're you doing?well, i just sold a pairof sunglasses on hereand now dieforfash87is telling me she won't pay'cause she thinksthey're fake.okay.um, how about we move away...no! i don't even wanna sellthese things.these clothes are allthat i have.everything elsehas been taken from me.well, you have your family.what's your point?i am having a very hard timeright now dealing with the ideathat people think thatmy things are worthless,- or funky, or...- sorry.fake.does it look like i shopon canal street?- no.- okay.people here don't knowanything, okay?wayne huffs keyboard cleanerfor a living.well, that's not surprising.you're playing to the wrong crowd.you have great clothes.i like some of this stuff.like this. like, i like this.ooh! ooh.i like this.this gives me an idea.so why would i sleepwith my mother?well, now that i knowthat she's your mother,that makes a lotmore sense to me.and do you normally go aroundspying on people?um, you left me here to beabducted by long haul truckers.i just went to find you.so why are you sneaking aroundwith your mom anyway?what's the big secret?it's my dad.we don't really get along.he really takes the whole mayortradition in the family thing seriouslyand i'm just not that downinto labels, you know?- "labels?"- yeah.and you wonderwhy i make fun of you.and you are totally in syncwith your parents?um, yeah, because they alwayswanted a daughter with a record,who dropped outof college, so...pretty much deliveredon that one.ugh!okay, this is gonnacheer you up.so i thought you might belonely without your clothes.so if this isn't too dirty for you,i could help take care of your stuff.wait, you wanna have sexwith me?no. i don't think anybody has sex inhere unless they're being paid for it.i thought this might be a goodplace to store your clothes.is this a safe place?yes. i'm the only with a key.but there's a catch.i get to wear whatever i want,anytime i want.fine.wow! our son's clothesare no longer in our closet.something i saidfinally got through.i just found somewhereelse to put them.i can't hear youfrom in there.i foundsomewhere else to put them!well, subconsciouslyi got through.david? alexis?can you come here please?david? alexis?they're not goingto come, dear.well, how widespreadis that news?talk about salacious!he cut off his what?- wait, what?- okay.how did it happen?look, i just... i just wanted to makesure that, you know, we're all okay.what were we not okay about?about your mother and me feelingdisconnected from you two.we are literally connectedby a door that does not lock.how much more connecteddo you wanna be?emma. your middle nameis emma.is it?so, we'll keepworking away at this.- i'm sorry! no, hannah.- i'm embarrassed for you.- well, that's that then.- elspeth.- no!- wow.i think it's elspeth.- it isn't!- i should know!wow.