schitt's creek - s03e09"the affair"john, do you have the car keys?do i have the car keys? no. no.but according to the sign-out sheet,i was the last person to use the car.well, that's not very helpful, john.you're the only oneusing the sign-out sheet.well, that's not true.stevie's got her name on the sheet.wait a minute, why isstevies name on the sheet?she's got her own car.


david! do you knowwhere the car keys are?yeah, i have them.oh, well, then why isn't yourname on the sign-out sheet.because you're the only oneusing that sign-out sheet.david, i need the car keys,your father is drivingme to thornbridge.i'm driving you to thornbridge?to that municipalities conference. yes.i thought roland offered to drive you.oh, he did. but no thanks.i can't take four hoursin the truck with rolandand lynyrd skynyrd.okay, alexis and i need the car,we're running some errandsfor the store today.


um, since when?uh, since i need help for a pick-up.and mom clearly already has a lift,and i'm pretty sureparents are supposed toput their children before themselves.oh really? no.if airplane safety videoshave taught me anything, david,it's that a mother putsher on own mask on first.ah, see, and that's preciselywhy we have the sign-out sheet.for this kind of dispute.okay. fine.now my name is on the list.and there's a sheep farm that'sexpecting us in 20 minutesfor a pick-up of some wool throws.no, no, no. no, no.your mother alreadyexpressed a verbal intentionto use the car.okay, we're gonna have thecar back in a few hours.okay. well, i mightneed it for a few hoursafter that though.fine, we'll just keep it for the day.john!you people are abusing the system.it's not a difficult system.moira, look at this.under purpose of triphe writes "driving."--synced by the_foe for boba--whoa, hold it right there.i want to see the look on your facewhen you walk into yourfirst regional associationof municipalities conference.and there it is.ah, name tags.let's get suited up.thank you but no, roland.i won't wear anythingwith an adhesive backing.ah-ha.oh, hey, moira, look over there.you see that guy overthere? the well dressed one?that's gavin mccrae.mayor of thornbridge.hm. you mean the one servingdrinks to the other people?okay. maybe he's theother guy over there.also very well dressed.well, now you've identifiedthe catering staff.moira please, this is ramc.these are the peoplewith their fingers onthe button of everythingfrom road salting toquarry inspection to...- water tower repair.- hmm.i mean, it's really kinda scarythat we're all in here under one roof.oh, it's frightening. yes.yeah. well, i'm gonna need you in there,by my side when wemake this budget pitch.you don't have toworry about me, roland.if there is anyone atthis fabulous little confabwho know how to work a roomof fragile egos, it's me.i once hosted the non-televised portionof the people choice awards.this is a actually a great idea, david.consolidating all of yourproducts under one labelinstills brand recognitionand create synergy.um, i'm sure you're very excitedabout all the new words you're learningin your high schoolintro to business course,but i think a more effectiveuse of your time right now,would be to go and get the hand creamthat i asked you to get ten minutes ago.i got the hand cream.yeah. the box of hand cream.i asked you to getthe box of hand cream,not sample the hand cream.that's like 53 pounds.why are you here?you know what i thinkwould be really cuteis if i had my own littlelabel, like, under your label.- yeah...- and i can sell festival wear,and i can sell like hairfeathers and body jewelry...david.wow, things are reallycoming together in here.oh, um, we're actually not open yet.but that's so sweet. thank you.we've been working very hard.well, i'm actually not here to shop.i'm-i'm patrick.i'm just dropping offdavid's business license.oh, isn't that just the cutest thing.um, david's in the back.but i am alexis,and i'm currently studding business,and i'm david's sisterand life coach so.well, it's great to meet you, alexis.uh, i'm sorry if my hands are too soft.i've just been samplinga lot of product.so... really soft.they are.excuse me, mrs. rose,if i may, just a couple of questions.were you surprised to getsuch a big funding boostfor the municipalities?that was quite the speech.oh... thank you. thank you.what did i do?well, i was simplychanneled someone who cares,but if you insist on referringto me as the linchpin.i'll take that.that's right. we're...we're just a couple linchpins here.i'm roland schitt, moira's boss...yes, i'll i'm the ingenue here.a total babe in the political woods.that's true. you know,this is her first ramc.but i think under my wing,she's-she's learning to fly.- i've been mayor for ten years...- thank you.and i did... okay, we'll talkwhen you have more time do...there she is! the woman of the hour!oh my god, now they'recrowning me with titles.join us for drinks in the diamond club.in the diamond club?hm. that sounds grand.it's the hotel bar.they have a special ramc cocktail.it's a sparkling white russian.the trick is to get itdown before it curdles.as appealing as youmake that sounds, roland,i think i'll just go to my room.oh, come on!look, i never get this kind of...i mean, our town doesn't getrecognized like this very oftenand this time it's forsomething really positive.okay. one drink.this means a lot to you, doesn't it?yes, and to you.moira! moira! moira!- isn't it so soft?- it is.whoa, might be tying ita little too tight there.uh, that is actually cat hair.there's a himalayanbreeder up the streetthat knits them for us. hi.hi. i'm just droppingoff your business license.and activating my allergies.oh, in that case you shouldprobably take that off.- yeah. like now!- oh. oh!isn't that the sweetthing, that he framed it.um. it is very sweet.thank you, patrick.actually, they... they all come framed.okay, thank god.because i was justthinking that this frameis a little too corporate for my brand.david, i was just about to samplethe unisex mennonite cologne on patrick.um, that's not a sample.and you've sampled halfthe store at this point.so we need to sell all this stuff.okay, well i flattened out the lip balm.so no one's gonna notice.there's a lot of stuff in here, david.you don't wanna spendtoo much money up front.yeah, that's not good, david.you have to be preparedto survive a full yearwithout making any profit.actually, the textbooksnow say eighteen months.well, what are the textbooks sayingabout curating a selectionof products from local vendorsand selling them onconsignment in a one-stop-shopretail environment,that benefits thevendor and the customer?well, i don't have my textbook on me.i stand corrected.listen, if you needhelp, i-i'm happy to help.why? alexis is here helping.well, no. if patrick hasoffered to move all the boxes,then i think we should let him.is that what i offered?okay, well, thank you, patrick.you're welcome.um, okay. so you can start by movingall of those big things of hand cream.what?it's all so unbelievable, john!i had forgotten whatit was like to be feted.moira?what?! i can, i canhardly hear you, john!the cheering and accolades aredrowning out your gentle voice.oh, i take it things went well?i'm a game-changer, jo...hey... oh! uh...oh, gavin's brought out the hard stuff.so darling, i must sign off.all right, well, have fun, sweetheart,and don't get too carried away.i'm networking, john!do you know that i'mactually good at this!who are you talking to?it's my husband!was that for me?why am i-why am i getting booed?that's... wait! that's my man, johnny!hey johnny, it's roland!hey, we're all here at ramc!you should be here,mary-something is here...gavin is here... the road salt guy...yeah. okay, roland.good. i'm having a bitof a night myself here.come on!stop, i have to talk to my husband.john. john.moira, you know, it mightbe time for a coffee.and i'm gonna let you go now.and have fun, sweetheart.we'll see you in the morning.goodbye, phone call!goodbye, my darling.all right. goodnight, sweetheart.oh, moira, by the way, ijust picked up the new...okay.john, shut the blinds.johnny, please.- moira?- hm?- oh- ohroland! what are you doing in my room?what are you talkingabout? this is my room.well, what the (bleep)are you doing in your room?well, i was trying to sleep.until you started pounding on the door,telling me to whip up a salmon plate.i finally let you in,you flaked out on the bed.oh my god.are you naked under there?honey, what i do inthe privacy of my sheetsis my own business.oh, no. no god, no.oh, god, no.- no, dear god.- welcome to ramc.oh, my god no!jocelyn!almost didn't recognize you over there.hey johnny.it's been a morning,but i don't have to tell you that.oh, i'm sorry. you'vehad a tough morning?you're handling thisway better than i am.handling what better?roland and moira, sleeping together.what?!at the conference last night.yeah. no, no!let's just go back tothat previous sentence.ah, when you say they slept together...well, roland says that they just slept- in the same bed together.- ah-ha.and he says that nothing happened,so i'm just trying to, youknow, process all of this.oh yes. well...aren't we all.i mean, i'm-i'm hearingabout this for the first time.moira didn't tell you?you know, we chatted this morningabout how successful the night was,but sleeping with your husbanddidn't really come upas one of the reasonsthe night was so successful.and we probably shouldn't read anythinginto the fact that for some reason,moira decided to hide this from you.oh, no, no. i wouldn't say "hide."no, no.because moira was so exhaustedwhen she got in this morning.maybe she was exhaustedbecause she was up all night- with her mitts all over...- no! no. no! no.i know moira and she wouldnever in a million years eversleep with...anyone. else.it's just that i know what it's liketo be in bed with a naked roland schitt,and i am powerless against that.he was naked?he sleeps naked every night.do you wanna order some thingto put chocolate sauce on?no.um, david, i can swing by the storeand help out after school, if you want.i also may need more ofthat lip balm that i liked.okay. um, i think we'vehad enough of your help.and unless you planningon purchasing that lip balmyou're won't be getting the lip balm.okay. it's called sweat equity, david.i learned about this week.and that's when you help someone outand then they give you lip balmor whatever else you might needin exchange for your time and energy.i think you might actuallyneed to break a sweat,in order to earn sweat equity.okay, what if i got patrickto break a sweat for me.that's calledoutsourcing, outsourcing...are you passing this economics course?yes. yeah.yes, i'm pretty sure.okay. um, if you reallywant the lip balm that badthere are a few things around the storethat i could use your help with.just an fyi, patrick won't be there.so there won't be anybody for youto flirtatiously boss around.okay, i hate to breakthis to you, david,but there will always be somebody for meto flirtatiously boss around.so what was going on there?oh, nothing.he hasn't even askedfor my phone number,which in my experience,means he's either newlymarried or he's gay.okay...so like if you're sensinga vibe or something,maybe that means that hiseye's on somebody else...he's a business majorwho wears straight leg,mid-range denim.he's not into me.okay, well it's either thator he's really into the store,which no offense seemsa lot less likely to me.okay.i think you missed a spot onthat page with the highlighter.where?hello, moira.hello there, love of my life!funny thing. i just ran into jocelyn.oh. how is jocelyn?oh, she was a little upset.apparently her husband, roland,spent the night with... you.i know, wasn't that funny?moira!when were you gonna tell me about this?ah, we talked aboutit this morning, john!we laughed about it.we didn't laugh about it.because we didn't talk about it.i would have remembered if you had saidsomething that funny.it's inconsequential, johnjust let it go. i have.may i ask what you are doing?oh, i've decided tocut down on my drinking.unrelated, i assume?to what?to you sleeping with roland last night.okay. this joke has played itself out.it was humorous this morning.we didn't talk about it this morning!obviously.i didn't tell you anythingbecause i was embarrassed.i was riding high, john,apparently really high,after winning what some peoplecalled a landmark victoryfor this and many other towns.then i woke up in the lastplace i'd ever wanted to be.well, can't say i'm notglad to hear you say that.oh john, i owe an apology to you.and to sober people everywhere.well, i knew it was nothinghappened, moira, it's...just i was getting a feelingyou weren't taking this very seriously.if i weren't, john, wouldi be pouring this out.moira, that's my beer!you don't even drink beer!it's symbolic, john.oh-oh.i take it you're here to tell methat my businesslicense has been revoked.no, no. you're all good.okay. um...my sister isn't,isn't here so...i'm not here for your sister.okay.you know i've beenthinking about all thisand these products thatalexis was showing me yesterdaywere actually really impressive,i mean the whole model isactually very sustainable...thank you.but i think you're gonnaneed more start-up money.oh. more start-up money.- hm.- um...and where do you thinki'll get that money?well, when you'resupporting local business,there are grants that you can apply for.and i would be happy to assistyou with those applications.well, that is very um... very generous.well, i wouldn't be doing it for free.see, if these grants came through,you'd have the money to start paying me.okay. um...i really think you havesomething here, david.you just, you just need somehelp. you need a lot of help...okay. um...well, uh, then yes...i am open to entertainingyour investment offer.great.and in the interest of uspotentially working togetheri did want to comeclean about something.okay.i um...i actually picked out that frame.i see.so thank you for making it very clearthat i will be makingthe creative decisionsfor the store.um, and i guess you canhandle all the business stuff.i'm very comfortable with that.okay.um, and you do knowthat if the grant moneydoesn't come through, then i won't...oh, i'm gonna get the money.okay.- hello, johnny.- roland.johnny, me and six of my closest friendswere hoping we could have a little chat.well, it's awfully late.johnny, i'm talking about the beer.no, i know, i know, you'retalking about the beer.it's just that moira's in the shower.she's been showeringmost of the day, actually.good,because i think it's bestthat we talk man-to-man.ahh...jocelyn and i spoke,and she told me you'restill pretty upset, huh?look, if anyone wasupset it was jocelyn.i was just upset becausejocelyn was upset.all right, pal.well, i'm here to putyour mind at ease, okay?i am 99.999% surethat nothing happenedbetween me and your wife.i'm 100% sure and i wasn't even there!well, i sure was.all of me.you know, i spent 35minutes this morninginspecting every inch ofmy body for bite marks,back scratches, lipstick prints.and i couldn't find anything.well, there was this onething on the bottom of my foot,but i think that mayhave been there before.i really don't know.you know what, roland,i think i'm gonna ask you to leave.because moira's coming outsoon and i really don't...... want to tempt fate twice.i got it.no, no. i don't think you do got it.and not to put too finea point on it, roland,but my wife would nevergo out for a burgerwhen she has a strongpenchant for steak.- good night, roland.- breakfast tomorrow, right?- good night, roland.- okay.don't worry it's only me.ha ha, very droll, mr. rose.thought i'd announce myselfjust in case you wereexpecting somebody else.is living with that blackoutnot punishment enough?you know i meant to ask, moira,what were the amenitieslike in that hotel room?high-pressured water, down pillows?i'll never know.i had my one chanceat a proletarian oasisand i squandered it,passed out in roland's bed.you slept with roland?no, she-she didn't.she found herself in his bed.- mom slept with roland?- yes. apparently.i will not be tried and condemnedby the likes of you two.- so what's gonna happen now?- yeah.is there gonna be likea custody battle over us?david, stop.we gonna have to like spend weekendsover at roland's now, or?goodnight, alexis.do we call him uncle roland?all right, that is enough, david.no. i mean, i get it,roland is the mayor,and it's very difficultto work with someonewho you're attracted to.yeah. like you and ted?no! i'm making fun of momand dad right now, david.and we're done. back to your room.um, i just want you to knowthat no matter what anyone says,you will always be our first dad.- good night.- okay.