david, what time is patrick'shousewarming tonight?hmm, you'll have to ask him.he told me he doesn't want my help,so i'm just gonna playthe supportive partner,and watch him fail.okay, it's just that ifted and i are gonna befashionably late, we needto know when it starts.jocelyn: there you are, alexis!- good morning, roses.- jocelyn, roland.look at you, positivelyflushed with motherly glow.we've just been runningaround looking for alexis.


that's so sweet; what's up?remember that time that you told meyou'd be there for meif i ever needed you?i don't think that was me.well, our babysitter fortonight just canceled on us,and we were gonna have dinner,and uh, a couples massage.but unfortunately, thecouple that massages uscan only do it once a month, so...hmm, no. um...well, i totally would think about it,but i have a housewarming thing tonight.jocelyn and roland: ohhh...david?


is patrick also going tothat housewarming party?patrick's throwing theparty, unfortunately.well rollie, we're justgonna have to cancel.because we have askedliterally everyone.oh, jeez.thanks anyways, roses.moira: sorry.well, that was weird.seriously. a nighttime couples massage,what is this, 1985?!no! they asked everyoneat the table except us,we're sitting right here!they're not going to asksomeone of your age, john.we raised two kids."raised" might be a stretch.our nursery was in adifferent wing of the house.- it was a design flaw.- i'm a light sleeper.john, you're not still working on thatcumbersome laundry hamper?i told you, it's a playpen, moira.i was hoping you were joking.no. after roland and jocelyn'slittle oversight this morning,i... took it upon myselfto offer our services.why in god's name would you do that?!it's a principle thing.roland and jocelyn don't thinkwe can take care of a kid.that's an argument i'm willing to lose.so now i have go to ronnie's by myself.what?i told you, the lifetime networkis re-airing the moviei did with joyce dewitt.remember? "not without my cousin."and ronnie's tv gets that channel,i told you this, john!or at least i'm telling you now.okay, well then, have fun.i'm more than capableof looking after this kid myself.john, my sweet husband.we have nothing to prove as parents.we did our best for our children.yeah, we were there most weeknights.for at least a couple of hours.unless we were out for the evening.yeah, or jetting around.or if it was a really long day.yeah, no, no, i'm not theleast bit concerned, moira.besides, if rolandcan look after a baby,anyone can.hey, jocelyn.- jocelyn: hi, johnny.- roland: hi, johnny.jocelyn: thank you so much, johnny,it just would've neveroccurred to us to ask you.are you sure you're up for this?oh, he'll be fine, honey,and if he does findhimself completely lost,and believe me, he will,he will have...the baby binder to hold his hand.right here, johnny.okay, well, here goes nothing.- yeah.- i don't know why, i'm just...i'm having a hard time letting go.i've got him. i've got him, jocelyn.- oh, okay, okay.- well, i know why.it's because you don't trustthe guy, and believe me,i don't either, butwe're in this now, so...try not think about it. okay...wow, moira.looking so elegant fora night of babysitting.just dressed to thenines in choking hazards.sadly, jocelyn, i won't behere this evening to intercede.oh wow, so it's just gonna be johnny,alone with our precious miracle baby?uh... honey,come on, we're gonnabe late for our massage.you know ron and lindalike to do those stretchesbefore they get us on the table, so...i'll be thinking about allof you during my massage.no, no need for that, roland.okay johnny, just don'tdo anything i wouldn't do.jocelyn: love you!- what?- whoop! whoop!boop boop be boop!wow. what are those?these are party shots.- hmm...- you ever had one before?no, nope.fine, once.twice.fine, i had a tray in cancun.okay, well they kindago with my overall themeof a good old-fashioned highschool slumber party, so.mhmm, i still don't knowwhy you were so quickto dismiss my theme idea.where is anybody gonna findglass-blown venetian masks around here?besides, people are kind of excitedabout the high school idea.okay. walk me throughthe high school idea.models and teen actors arejust gonna lounge aroundin their bras and thongs,and take polaroids ofthemselves all night?what was your highschool experience like?what was yours like?besides, where are we goingto find a salad bowl of ethis last minute?you know, i think thiscould be kind of a...a fun opportunity for you torewrite your past a little bit.mhmm.it's just that myparents have spent like,an astounding amount of money on therapyto try to do that already.so forgive me for not wantingto run back into the fire.what happened to you?nothing, really, i just didn't like it.- mm. okay. oh.- yeah.you might have to make more of those.- that's right.- that's very nice.honey, i'm home.oh, shouldn't i be the one saying that?a little something to celebratethe end of the week.- yeah...- whoop!uh, except it'sneuterpalooza week at work,and i still have two daysof spaying and neutering ahead of me.oh, let's stop saying "neutering",'cause it's killing my buzz!this is so silky.yeah, it's my dad'shousecoat from storage.i was thinking wecould go as hef, r.i.p.,and a playboy bunny.isn't the theme highschool slumber party?it is.my best friend, summer, usedto date hef in high school,which isn't as weird as it sounds,'cause he was like, a very young 77.uh okay, don't be mad, but...ted, no!i have to perform surgeryon people's pets like,first thing in the morning.why'd you have to pick this weekend?you know how much i always look forwardto patrick's house parties.isn't this his first one?okay, fine.i guess i'll justfinish my drink, and...wander over there dressed like this,and see what happens.well, i mean,maybe you don't need to leave just yet.snip, snip, mr. mullens!i was just hoping youcould make an exception.let loose for one night.next time. i promise.moira: well, i'm off.all right, have fun, sweetheart.you realize the bebe is crying.i do, yes.isn't it scheduled to be dormant by now?i'll figure it out, moira.- you have the binder.- yes.- yes.- ooh!i think i just found the issue.it might be in the diaper.oh, it was the bebe. i'm so relieved!yeah, i think they left extra diapers.they assumed we'd take care of it.you wanna grab the rubber gloves?they're tom ford, john, no!and they wouldn't fit you anyway.the cleaning gloves under the sink!oh! yes.and, there.oh, it looks like jocelyn'sleft you some nice chapter tabs.uh, it's saying here that you should...wipe counter-clockwise direction, ah...flip it, if you can flip it.- the baby?- it doesn't say.honestly, moira, just go! i'll be fine.i'm not sure you will be, john.it's not like the old dayswhen we could just call adelina,and have her rush homefrom her daughter's wedding.you're gonna miss your screening.i'll go after thefirst commercial break.that's when the action happens anyway,when my cousin and i beginour backpack through lebanon.what else does the binder say?oh my god, john!don't forget to wash its hands!okay.okay, my turn. ahem!hmm, never have i ever pretended to bea pizza delivery person so i could getinto jared leto's halloween party.you're a bitch.my mom was engaged totwo pizza delivery guys.can that count? 'causei am really thirsty.stevie!uh, um...never have i ever...sorry, i'm just tryingto think of something- i haven't done.- okay.how long did you envisionthis game going on for?because never have i ever been so bored.aw, i'm sorry, david,when i suggested the game,i didn't expect that you'dbe drinking quite so much.eating out of the garbage?okay, i did that infront of you last night.now, as a participant, if wedon't change the game soon,- i'm gonna get very drunk.- oh.yep?- hey!- all: oh! there he is! yay!god, what are you doing here?hey, sweetie.you were right, we deserve a night out.so, i just pushed allmy morning appointments.which will be fine, i guess,it just means that i'll bestaying up 'til 1:00 a.m.on a saturday, spayingwith a pretty shaky hand.mm, that's so cute. whatcan i get you to drink?oh no, don't worry about that.after you used all ofmy booze for your punch,the only alcohol left in my fridgewas a few of your rum,raspberry, coconut coolers.so i polished them off, and...it tasted like burnt plastic,and i regretted it instantly.woman: hi, ted!only you would wear a little robe,and little slippers to ahigh school slumber party.oh, no, no, no. this is justso that i didn't get coldon the way over.all right!what is the game, because i'm up!ohh! wow.- oh!- okay...ted: twyla!i'm not sure if it'sjust the punch, but...he could get it!stevie, that's disgusting.ted, can i get you a party shot?- cool!- okay.- david?- wow.- yeah.- we have orange...- i'll take that.- yellow...hey! do you wanna putemir away for a hot sec,so this game can keep going,and the party can end soon?oh, i'm good. i don'twanna kiss anyone here.my sister's sitting in the circle,you think i'm dying to play?thank you very much.ohh!oh!okay!babe, did you rig this?maybe i did, and maybe i did!ooh!- okay, go crazy, babe.- mhmm.all right, who's the lucky lady?- that's offensive.- okay, anyway, re-spin!yeah, it actually lookslike it sorta landed- between two people.- no, no, no, no!i know exactly who it landed on.oh, ted! that's not okay.man, come here, big guy!- mmmph!- partygoers:muah!oh my god.it looks like the punch needs a refill.oh hey, i could usea refill too, big guy.okay, i don't know where"big guy" is coming from,but it needs to stop.um, i don't know aboutyou, but i smell drama.twyla: okay, my turn!you know helen, despite everything...oh, if it weren't for joyce dewittinsisting on wearing those pigtails,this movie could've been a hit!we're supposed to be astrophysicists,it just takes you out of it.and yet, she, she gets the close up!- well, that was shocking.- i know, right?and i get the aerialshot for my love scene.no, no, i'm talking about the kid.to think this little thing could...create so much destruction.oh, you've completedthe diaper substitution.aren't you the sephardic mr. clean!well, i did the kid, buti'm not doing the bathroom.it appears you may need achange yourself, mr. rose.what is that on your shoulder?oh moira, he spit up on me.and he's spit up in the playpen!ew! that cannot be good, john!its body is ejecting things,what did you do to it?!nothing! i-i changedhis diaper, that's all.well, perhaps you've swaddledits abdomen too tightly,or maybe it's allergic to something.john, did you feed it shellfish?what did you do?!i've gotta wipe him up, andchange his clothes again.for all we know, it'sgot crawling pneumonia.oh, he doesn't havecrawling pneumonia, moira!i don't want to say i told you so,but this is an infelicitous burden.i could be at ronnie's right now,preparing for the post-screening q&a.well then, go to ronnie's!because i've gotta gethim a change of clothes.well, at least put the gloves back on.john, it says right here,spitting up is normal.jocelyn's written, "spit happens."very clever.for jocelyn.oh my god, they just need to chill.david: okay, i'm done.who chose this theme, anyway?it was a mistake.what are you guys doing over here?you remind me of me ata high school house partyjudging all theattractive and popular kidsfor being attractive and popular.david, do you haveanything you wanna say- to me and patrick?- actually, yes.now, as an attractive and popular kidat a house party, i can confidently say,- it's very fun.- that's it?that's all you have to say?what's going on here?mm, things got effed,and we're not having fun anymore.for what it's worth,i'm having a great time.you're like a tsetse fly.where's your cell phone boyfriend?- on my cell phone.- okay.you're not having fun?i don't know david, sure.what exactly did i do wrong here?oh, i don't know. david,mmm, was it the timeyou kissed my boyfriend?or... was it the timeyou kissed my boyfriend?i think it was the timeyou kissed her boyfriend.okay, he kissed me!and i was just told to have some fun.so i played the game.i'm sorry that the bottle landed on me.hm, technically it landedbetween you and stevie, so.yeah.okay, so you're upsetabout this as well, then?- looks like it.- patrick: no, i'm not!i'm not upset. i just, i guess i wonderhow you would react ifthe tables were turned.yeah david, like, what would you doif patrick and i suddenlykissed at a party?- yeah.- or patrick and me.okay, we're done with you.it was spin the bottle!if patrick was wasted,and spun the bottle,and it landed on you,and you guys kissed,- i wouldn't care.- you're lying, david.okay, is that what needs to happento clear the air here?you guys need to kiss?- david, let's not be dramatic.- yeah, maybe it does.- what?- well, by all means.i think it's actually morethe principle of the thing...- okay, here we go.- hmm!is that really...uh huh.mmm! mmmm!mmmmmmmm!yum. that was fun.hey, are we spinning more bottles?uh, was that fun for you guys?- that like, satisfying?- i was never not okay. so.it was really good for me.i say we play truth or dare.oh stevie, i'm in!oh no, ted.get your housecoatand your other slipper.it is time to go.- you got it, big guy.- okay.okay. sorry. i'm sorry.good game!look at him.awful peaceful when he's sleeping.well, we did it, sweetheart.and, uh...what do you think we'velearned here today?that adelina was grossly underpaid.no, i mean, we could've been good,hands-on parents if we wanted to.we've got it in us.that was never in question, john.i'm even more convincedthat our hands-off approachserved them better.i'll go, but not without my cousin!that had its moments.when it shone, it shone brightly.and i have to hand it to dewitt.she had a real breakthroughduring the denouement.i believe she believed we were cousins.john?- roland: oh, hello!- moira: shh! shh! shh!- greet... what?!- shh!- what?- i just put him down!oh my gosh, you gotlittle roland jr. to sleep?oh no, i'm talking about john.oh.no, roland's been asleepfor quite some time.and everything wasfine? no major problems?he is a slice of meringue, jocelyn.you know, i don't know if uh...i'm just all zen'd outfrom an hour and a halfof linda's magic fingers on me,but i can actually seemyself leaving roland jr.with you people more often.ah!well, that somethinglinda might want to massageright out of your mind,the next appointment.i actually have ron the next time,we like to mix it up a little bit.and with that, i believeyour little inchlingis out past its curfew.oh, you get the binger,i'll get the baby.okay.ohh, jeez.look at him.you know, i almost think i likehim better asleep than awake.he's on my side.bye bye.what?oh, shh!ahem! i'm just gonnatake the garbage out.okay.yeah, and if i don't come back,it's probably becausei've run off with ted.thanks for the heads up.we're just gonna go for a ride,see where it takes us.maybe start a vet clinicsomewhere along the way.he'll the animals back to heath, i'll...offer grooming services.okay, you know what?maybe i overreacted for a second.i was just talking to alexis,and we sorta wound each other worked up.- and stevie didn't help.- stevie never helps.so i didn't love seeing my boyfriendkissing some other guy.i'm sorry, are yousaying you were jealous?david, i'm not playingthis game with you.no, you just said you didn't likeseeing your boyfriendkissing another guy.okay, fine. he's a handsome guy.i might've been a little jealous.so, you think he's handsome then?what? he's like-he goes to the gym.- goes to the gym?- oh my god.wow, okay, so when yousaid you were jealous,were you saying you were jealous of him,or jealous of me?because i thought you weresaying you were jealous of him.both?not the answer i was looking for.hey.mhmm?i wonder what would've happened- if we had met in high school.- hmm.well, unless you were into candy raverswith asymmetrical haircutsand a lot of pacifier necklaces,i think our pathscrossed at the right time.how jealous, though?why don't you take out the garbage?- how jealous were you?- nope!scale of one to ten.- like, enraged, or...- bye, bye.like fuming, did you sweat?- that was fun.- yes- that was really fun. did you have fun?- yes.- did everyone had fun?- yes, ted.that's good, it's goodthat everyone had fun.okay, you still have your slippers on,yeah, i know, sometimesmy feet get really cold- when i drink too much.- it's not a thing.- okay, well, gimme a kiss.- no!you kissed my brother tonight,i'm not kissing you afteryou kissed my brother.pffft! who kissed your brother?okay, it's time for "funted" to just pass out.no, he's not even tired.in fact, if anything,i'd say he's only becoming more fun.okay. okay! okay! okay!i think we should justlike, sleep it off.okay, okay, okay. yeah, yeah.but first just give your brother a kiss.- ew, ted, ew!- come on.ew! ew! ew! ew! ew!ew! ew! ew! ew! that's you.