david! alexis!time to leave for breakfast.honestly david, why are you not ready?i'm not going.how is it that a moth can find its wayinto a triple locked titanium suitcase?!the perils of owning cashmere.alexis! please, dear!alexis hasn't been herefor a week and a half.she's at mutt's.well, that's simply not true.


i had breakfast with her just yesterday.that was me!we had a lengthy conversationabout hosiery and menopause.again, that was me.-- synced by the_foe ---- (for kochasia) --hello? anyone here?oh, hey.could i get you to take aquick look at my muffler?oh, i'm - i'm sorry, i don't work here.oh, that's... 'cause you'rebehind the desk,and everything.oh yeah, no, i mean i "work" here,but i don't actually work"here... " in the garage.i mean, i am working, here in the garage,


but i don't work for the garage. i'm...so you don't knowanything about mufflers?'cause i think it's just aloose connection on the bottom.yeah, bob will be back in a minute,and i think that's your best bet,just you know, 'causehe comes and goes, and...okay, well, maybe i'lljust... go to another garage.yeah, yeah. well,sorry, i uh, couldn't help.hey johnny, i just wentout and got me a muffin.bob, a customer was just in here,and he was saying he hada problem with a muffler.oh yeah? what uh,what'd it end up being?well, i don't know, ididn't go out and look!- oh?- i'm not a mechanic!well, i don't expectyou to know everything,but you know, if a clientof yours came in here,i'd certainly talk to them.well, i hope you wouldn't.well, not that i have to worry,i know you're a little low on clients.that's because i'mbuilding a business, bob.and right now i'm in strategy mode,looking for opportunities,and eventually i will implement a plan.well, if you feel like uh,you might like to implementa muffler, be my guest.because i can't afford to loseany customers right now, johnny,especially ah, when i'mgiving away free office space.question.the cedar planks out behind the motel,are they being used for something,or are they up for grabs?how do you know it's cedar?um, i bought a cologne once, in japan,that's supposed to smell like the aftermathof a car crashing into a cedar tree.why would anyone wanna smell like that?- hmm?- you know what?never mind, the cedar is yours.thank you so much.um, if i may,what are you planning ondoing with a pile of wood?oh. um...a family of moths seem to have mistakenmy cashmere sweaters for an atlantic cityall-you-can-eatbuffet.and i plan on putting a stop to that.so i'm building a cedar chest for my knits.you're planning onbuilding a cedar chest?that's correct.you are.- you're gonna build it?- it's a box!so you're just nailing someplanks of wood together.anyway, if you've seenthe state of my sweaters,you'd know that i have verylittle choice in the matter.- so thank you.- okay well, don't let mestand in the way of your handiwork!- mhmm.- may the force be with you.thank you so much.thank you, genuinely.honestly, you're so great.oh, twyla...twyla!twyla!uh, be right there, mrs. rose.- hi, moira!- hello, everyone.hey.- i'll see you guys later.- yeah, see you at two.yeah.sorry about that, i wasn’tsure whether you were waitingfor your family, or a friend...no, just an intimatebreakfast, nothing special,no big "ladies' bruncheon" for me.ladies' bruncheon?well, whatever that was.a gathering of the girls, i...- oh, you mean the jazzagals.- i do?yeah, the jazzagalsis our singing group.a singing group? what fun.yeah, jocelyn startedit a few years ago,and it's been great.we even went to new york once.oh, a trip to the big city. how grand!let me guess, a bucketof shrimp in times square,followed by a "lion king" matinee!no, actually, weperformed in central park.c-central park? really?yeah! for the "littletowns, big voices" festival.you do realize i ama professional vocalist.oh, really?i thought you were in like, a soap opera.oh, i didn't know youwere a fan, thank you!my roots are in the theater.especially musicals.anything "andy" webber!wow! so did you record an album?oh, yes, you'll findme on ensemble tracksseven, nine, and thirteen of theoriginal cast recording of starlight..."starlight express."well, then you shoulddefinitely talk to jocelyn!she would love to have you in the group.or perhaps jocelyn should speak to me.yeah. menu?yes please, i'm stillnot quite off book.aaah!uh huh?uh, hey, i just came by for alexis,she wanted me to grab some uh...- cute looks for...- cute looks for the barn?- yeah.- yeah, in the closet.everything okay?yeah, i'm just um...i'm just doing some measurements,i'm measuring something, so.- why don't you use a measuring tape?- ah, because we don't have one.- did you ask stevie ifmaybe the motel has one?- um... yeah, i haven't got...i hadn't thought of...i didn't think of that.- so what are you measuring, exactly?- um...it's a really tragic story,involving some damaged luxury cashmere.and so i am building acedar chest for my sweaters.so i'm just measuringhow big to make the chest.- well, i've built a chest before.- yeah?and i have some time, um...do you want some help?you know what? that could be good.well, how far along are you?um, i'm this far.i can't come in, buti do have some good news.that's great.what's your news?well, a little bird chirped in my earabout your singing group.oh, you mean the jazzagals.yes, at first i wondered aloudwhy would a competitive vocal groupnot reach out to a trained chanteuse?oh, we're just a group of gals.exactly, that's the answer.small minds don't reach for the stars.no more! not on my watch.jocelyn, i am here!you wanna audition for the jazzagals?au-audition!uh, though i'm sure you mean no offense,in the actual world of entertainment,i'm what's known as, "offer only."moira, i know you're a great singer,everybody has to audition,and i can't have you not audition,it would open up a whole can of worms,i mean, even gwen had to audition,and she was in a regionalproduction of "annie."who hasn't been?listen, we would love to have you,you think about it.okay...bob? you've got a customer!bob!yeah, the owner's juststepped out, uh, but,maybe... i can help you?hey.has paul bunion finished his box?who?i'm going to need somethings for the chest.like the number for a carpenter?like, a work bench, a miter saw,two bar clamps, and some dowels.okay... do you knowhow to use a miter saw?um, no. mutt is out back,and he's asked me toget these things for him.um, we're building thechest together. so...wow, this whole thingjust got a lot weirder.there's a tool shed out back,the other side of the motel.- okay.- will you be requiring a tool box?maybe?um, let's go with yes, just to be safe.will you be needing your basic toolbox,or your "cedar chest" tool box?obviously the cedar chest tool box!oh, that's in the shed.it's a big wooden box,with the words, "toolsto make a cedar chest"carved into the side ofit, so it's really clear...okay, i'm assuming you're kidding.um...but in the off chance that you're not,where in the shed would i find that box?you're kidding.♪♪ and she did what she had to do ♪♪ she called every angel♪ nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah ♪♪ to rearrange the stars♪ so that each and every woman ♪♪ could find the perfect guy♪ ga ga ga ga ga ga♪ oh, it's raining men! yes!bravo! bravo!- moira!- hello, you.- hi!- sorry for interrupting.i just-i just thought i'd stop by,i was in the neighbourhood.maybe i should showcase my talents,i thought, for the group.oh, that's great.great, you can call itan audition if you must,or an impromptu performance,or perhaps "an evening with... "that all sounds amazing.we're just finishing up a rehearsal,we just have to work out a coupleof rough spots in lena's solo,and then you can have the floor.i'll wait, far be itfor me to get in the wayof you making any necessary improvements.okay, so we're almost there,let's just work out someof those little rough spots.- okay?- okay.so let's take it from..."for tonight, for the first time."okay. okay, okay.♪ 'cause tonight for the first time ♪♪ just about half past ten♪ for the first time...hey, johnny. keepin' busy,or uh... hardly workin'?well, first of all bob,that's not the expression.um, take a seat.if i may, an observation?to run a business, you have to be hereto run the business.you have to be here todeal with your clients.that's what i've been doing all afternoon.you got some clients, that's great news!no, i was dealing with your customers!well, thank you, johnny,that's a refreshing change of attitude.bob, you're never here!and while you were gone,i helped a customer fill his tire with air,i helped an elderlywoman add oil to her car,and i sold the '93 buick for $350 dollars.you've got to be here to run your business!whoa, you have been busy!listen, uh...tell me just a little moreabout selling that buick.well, it's a funny story.this guy came in supposedly for directions.okay, but anyone with a background in salescould see how he was eyeballing that buick.so i slow play it.i pretend i don't notice.and then he sort of mentions the buick.so i hem and haw, textbookstuff, i tell him, you know,oh, there's a lot of interestin that particular vehicle.you know, i'm playingthe guy like a bow fiddle.then he finally admitsthis is the kind of carthat he's been looking for.oh, really? says i.that's when i go in for the kill.long story short, he forksover $350 dollars cash.and you're welcome.certain instincts you just don't lose.it's like riding a bike.well, funny you shoulduse that expression.because dick sinson isgonna be riding his bikeuntil we can get his car back for him!- who's dick simpson?- i couldn't tell 'ya.but dick sinson is the fellawhose car you just sold.he brought it in for a brake job.i don't recall him wanting to sell it.oh.oh, poor dick.he loved that car.it was a gift from the church.he and his family hit onsome hard times, and uh...yeah, you know what, bob?i'll tell 'ya, i will callmr. stinson, and apologize.well, you can apologize to mr. stinsonuntil the cows come home,but i don't see how thatis gonna help dick sinson!i'll fix it, bob!here's hopin'.ridiculous name!sin-sinson... sinson!dick sin-sinson!ahh... we just needto wait for the glue to dry,- it shouldn't take too long.- this is really nice of you.thank you very much.yeah, well, i can't not jump in and helpwhen i see someone doin' something wrong.was it wrong, or wasit just unconventional?no, it was wrong.okay, well, i'm notgonna argue with you,'cause i need you to keepworking, we're in too deep.uh, does alexis know about this?yeah... definitely.but can i tell you something?but you gotta promise not to tell alexis.okay, um...if you're experiencing feelings for me,like, i totally get it.and normally i'd be into it,i've just been down this road before,and it's-it's messy.- no, it's about alexis.- i see, okay.um, well, you know, uh...what is it?she slept over likea week and a half ago,and she hasn't left.- uh huh.- i mean, don't get me wrong,i love having her there at night,- if you know what i mean.- yeah, i do, yeah.it's just the days,they've gotten a bit um...suffocating?i just think that a littlespace is a healthy thing.mhmm, it is, totally.i mean, i've been enjoying it a lot, so.and i live alone, and nowsomeone is there all the time.- which is great.- uh huh.but just not every day.and i just... don't know what to say.well, she sort of fades intothe background after a while,you know, like a smoke alarm.are you just saying thatbecause you don't want her- to move back here?- yes, i am!you just take some time, you know?carve out some time ina day to just escape.you know, do what you wanna do.it's the only thing that'll keep you sane.because no, you can'tmention any of this to her,she'd lose her mind.yeah...♪ it's raining men ♪♪ every specimen... ♪yeah, almost there!- okay.- really good though, yeah.okay moira, you're up.i just noticed the time, wow.and you're all very busy, sowhy don't we reschedule thisfor two weeks from now, whenyou're all more prepared.oh no, we were doneearly, we got plenty of time.thank you, but i thinki'm fighting a little bug.come on moira, audition!i would love to learnfrom a professional singer.- really?- or we could just all go home early.come on, moira!- moi-ra! moi-ra!- stop!moi-ra! moi-ra! moi-ra! moi-ra!that's cruel!well, i can't say no to anyone!♪ someone held me all night long ♪♪ it should've been you♪ someone's arms were big and strong ♪♪ it's should've been you♪ it's-i-a wah!♪ i warned you i was lonely♪ but you didn't seemto care no no no ♪♪ that you could've been- do do ♪♪ but you... dah dahheed a woman's tears... ♪♪ woo doo♪ someone loved me all night long ♪♪ it should have beenshould've been you! ♪♪ you!that's the end.oh, that was... different.thank you.well, thank you, i'll leave you to discuss.what's going on?um, i'm gonna sleep here tonight.oh, is everything okay?yeah, why wouldn't it be?well, it's just that you've beenspending a lot of time at mutt's.yeah, i know, and i actuallyhad to talk to him about that.oh, you did?- yeah.- yeah.um, like, he brought all my stuff back,and i was like, this is great,but then at the same timei was just kinda like,i feel like i need my space right now.yeah, and that's somethingthat you said to him.yeah, yeah, yeah, we were chatting,and i was just like, i feellike i need to spend a few days- back at the motel.- yeah...that's-again, that's... you said that?yeah, that's what we were talking about.oh, okay. um...and how did he take that?um, well, i mean, i was kindaworried about telling him.i'm sure. uh huh.because i didn't want...i didn't wanna hurt him, andi didn't want him to worry,like, oh my god, is he breaking up with me?is she breaking up with me?right, yeah, 'causewe wouldn't want him...to worry about that.- yeah, exactly.- mhmm.so... but i'm reallyglad that i told him,and he took it really, really well.- so...- that's excellent.yep.that's a cute little wood thing, david.thank you, i made it.it did seem like a few of themmight've had some training,but what i bring is acertain sophistication,improvisation, showmanship!i'm sure you wowed them, honey.oh john, there were definitelylots of surprised looks.well, they've probablynever heard the real deal.i suppose!oh john, it felt so goodto be working the old muscles again!riding the melody, bending the notes!well, they must've enjoyed it sweetheart,if they asked you to join.mm! i know!i only wish you could've been there, john.it would've been so niceto have you to sing to.well, i'm sorry i missed it.♪ in your dreams i'llsoon caress your... ♪♪ mmpph mmpph...♪ in your dreams i'll huzzle lovingly ♪sweetheart.♪ boncha boom da da♪ between you and... mehoney?♪ i was older darling dream with me ♪-- corrected by chriske --