alexis? alexis, alexis!i just overheard threewomen with smokers' coughstalking about "sex in the city".the singles have arrived!why are you not wearing your t-shirt?darling, mommy's deliveringthe keynote address.there's going to be pressand photographers there,i think it would be a tad declassefor the chair of the eventto be wearing a volunteers t-shirt.mkay, i'm co-chair, andi'm wearing my t-shirt.


well, love is definitely in the air!- motel at max capace all week long.- mm hmm.i appreciate everything you do, alexis,but i think it's best i carrythe baton over the goal line.what's going on here?mom's basically trying tocut me out of singles week.i am not cutting her out, john.i'm merely trying toensure an unruffled launch.do you remember the last timeyou and i chaired an event?the teenage rosaceaball at the st. regis?that was 15 years ago!well, that was a different time, moira.alexis has been working on herself.yes, alexis has beenworking very hard on herself.


she just closed a veryimportant chapter of her lifewith ted last week,and still she's puttingeverything she hasinto finding love for other people.what exactly have you done?well...i'll tell you what i'm about to do.i'm about to swing by jocelyn'sand get the locks and keysfor this morning's event.you still haven't pickedup the locks and keys?ugh!yes, what?um, i just walked past threevery raspy-voiced miranda's outside,- so i think the singles are here.- ooh!okay, with the 50% premium chargefor singles week, i think wemight be able to affordsome of the bigger improvementswe've been talking about.ooh, sorry guys.- roland?- roland's phone.- hey, bob.- roland, hang up.yeah, uh, johnny'stellin' me i gotta hang up.yes, they're both here, staring at me.johnny has that upset look on his face.yeah.that's the perfect wayto describe it, bob.- mr. rose.- okay.okay, i'm gonna put this on silentfor the rest of the meeting, okay?do you know how to do that, stevie?roland, with all that wehave going on this week,we'll need your full attention.oh, relax, johnny. i'm here for ya.whadda ya need?um, maybe you could head out to elmdaleand go to the hardware store,and knock the first threethings off this list.that's no problem. sure.and anything else youwant, just let me know.how 'bout a car wash?or maybe a brow trim for johnny?- just the things on the list.- okay.don't worry about it. iwon't let ya guys down.ah! ah!ugh!you been goin' to the gym,'cause that looked effortless?it's just a very awkwardly shaped box,but yes i have, andthank you for noticing.so what, uh, what is this?um, this is a box of dog sweatersthat alexis has askedme to drop off at ted'sfor the pet adoptionthing for singles week.so what's it doing here, then?i was just wondering whatyour day was looking like?i'm not dropping the box off for you.okay, i know, but it wouldjust save me so much distress!- oh, are you in distress?- yes!the whole situation withalexis and ted right nowis very awkward and cringe-y.alexis told him she loved him.wow. well, good for her, it's...it's not easy puttin'yourself out there like that.okay, sure.i just think it'll beless awkward for all of us,especially consideringted now knows that i know,that he knows, if youmaybe took the box.i'm not taking the box for you, david,i still have to unpackall of these productsfor singles week, that you bought.okay, then i guess i'll just,take the box and go, then.- david?- yeah.- listen to me.- mm-hmm.what you're doing is very brave.- mm-hmm.- very generous, okay?and i don't wanna addmore stress to your day,but i love you.okay, so...so you just said thatto me for the first time,knowing that it wouldmake my day more stressful.that's correct.because you know that i'venever said that to anyone else,aside from my parents twice, and at a...mariah carey concert, i know. yeah.and i don't expect you tosay it back to me, right now,you say it when you're ready.just felt right to me, in the moment.you're my mariah carey.okay. that complimentcould bring me to tears,but i'm not gonna let it.so... i...would like to thank youfor all the wonderful things- that you said.- okay.- wanna get me a tea while you're out?- okay, i will get you a tea.um, would you mindjust not looking at mewhile i take this box outta the room,'cause i don't want you regrettingany of the nice thingsthat you just said to me?okay, look away, please. please.that went well.what?- hi, where are you?- i'm on my way!we've just encountereda bit of a roadblock,a hold-up, a minor issue.okay, you literally had one job to do.- jocelyn is in labor!- oh my god!i know it's no one's fault.i'm with her now, we're in the car.okay, so what am i supposed to do, here?well, has the press arrived yet?yes! everybody has arrived.everybody is here, just waiting.oh! don't start withoutme you little frippit.you don't have the media training.okay, can you just like,please try to hurry up?because the last thing we wanna dois stand up a room full of singles.oh look, jocelyn's pullingup to the hospital right now.- wait, jocelyn's driving?- yes, alexis! she insisted!my nerves are fried!- stevie?- what's up?i think we might have to call rolandand tell him to add "do notdisturb" signs to his list.some of the singles havebeen requesting them.i think that is a servicethat could benefit all of us.hmm.is that you?no, my phone's in my pocket.uh-oh. i think that's roland's phone.- oh god.- what?uh, there are 17 missed calls,and 3 texts from jocelyn.well, what do they say?roland, it's happening. and then baby.and then, like a wholerow of baby emojis,and an explosion.well we-we didn't doanything wrong here. right?i didn't.you're the one who puthis phone on silent.because you didn't know how to.okay, well i don't think it's helpfulto be pointing fingers, here, stevie.besides, i think he'llprobably be... back soon.we gave him a lot of errands to run.- david!- ah... hey!it's me.- good to see you, man.- yeah, good to see you, too.yeah, yeah, yeah. oh, okay.oh, good, good.um, so i just dropped offthese, um, dog sweaters,for the pet adoption thing.okay, great, yeah.it's always gifts for thedogs, and never for me.definitely one of my pet peeves.yes?i'm sorry, i just... ijust was expecting alexis,so you showing up here hasreally thrown me off my game.um... no, your game is... tight.um, alexis actually toldme to drop off the sweaters.she was... swamped with the...the launch for the singles week thing.- she told you, didn't she?- yes, she told me, yeah.it just caught me off guard, you know?"i love you", it just i don't... mm-hmm.yes. no, that is an emotionaldepth that is very,very out of character for her.so, i can understand whythat would be weird for you.- anyway, i... should... be...- i broke up with heather.so i should probablystay, then, for a minute?okay, so just to triple check,um, everyone hasregistered on the website?yes. yes.okay, just triple checking,because the website acts as a directory.- and a message board, we know.- oh my god.sorry, when is this gonna start?there is a seniors' craft fairthat i have been askedto cover in elmglen,but as a single woman whodrove 20 miles to be here,i'd rather write about this.yes. yes.um, the event... isstarting... right now.- good.- hmm.hey, singles, i'm alexis rose, and i,like all of you, am single.i would just like to welcome youto the first annualschitt's creek singles week.now i know many of you are excitedabout the lock and key event.the more i think about it,the more i feel like that gamekind of sends the wrong message.because... it makes it seem like,as soon as you find the right key,everything's just supposedto work out, right?but life is more complicated than that.now, i used to thinkthat my one special lockneeded to be like super aggressive,and come from a longline of adriatic royalty,or have a beard,and be really into the woods.then i realized that sometimes,a special little lock can come along,that you didn't think wouldfit because it didn't look,or act, like the lockyou thought you needed.so instead of actuallygiving it a real chance,you throw it awaybecause it was too nice.and it liked you too much, and cared.and now that lock has found another key,and you are so happy for it,and you just need to accept that,and find a new lock.so, are we playing a game, or not?yes!that is what i'm trying to say,we're just gonna playa better game um...one that kinda promotesgiving people a chance.apparently they tookroland's phone away from him.i don't know!well... who would do that to a manwhose wife is justabout to go into labor?i didn't take his phone!well, you kinda did.well, in our defense,jocelyn's a few days early.oh, hold on, gwen, uh,roland just pulled in,and hammer's about to drop.okay, okay, guys, i knowit took a little longerthan i said it wouldbut i knocked off...- roland,- ... everything on the list.- roland, jocelyn's in labor.- what?wh-when did she, whydidn't she call me?i gotta call her. ineed my phone. i can't...where's my phone? i can't find my phone?- is this it?- yeah, you're a lifesaver, johnny.oh, well, you canthank me later, but uh,you'd better going, to the hospital.okay.hi, gwen.no, he's-he's on hisway to the hospital now.yeah wh... snake?is a little harsh, but he's definitelyslippery, i'll give ya that.i'm standing right here, bob.anyway, i just felt likei owed it to heather,to be honest.so then, um, are you gonnatalk to alexis about this?honestly, i don't know.i don't know if i'm willingto put myself out there again.i mean, david, i spenttwo weeks in mexico, alone,on our honeymoon, just tryingto get my life back on track.yeah, that sounds very dark.you know how many off-roaddirt bike tours i had to take,just to get her outta my head?shockingly, never beenon a dirt bike. um...but i'm sure like a lot-alot... a lot of tours, david.okay, look, um, i wouldhardly call myself an experton this subject,and by subject i meangenuine human emotion.so, i am just going totell you what i know.and you can do whateveryou want with that. okay?i know that your name hascome up in conversationevery single day, for the past 6 months.um, i know that she's different now...i mean, not that...different, obviously, but um,different enough to knowthat she made a mistake...with you.- or was it two mistakes? or more... ?- no, it was just the two. yeah.anyway, so you've beenburned, a couple times.um, have we met?i've been burned so many times,i'm basically the humanequivalent of the insideof a roasted marshmallow.um, but i think it'simportant for us to rememberthat sometimes...sometimes it does work out.and um, even though everything inside usis telling us to protect ourselves,when you've got it,don't let it go.um...and i am telling you,that you have got it,if you want it.thank you, david.maybe this can be your thank you.that's a dog treat?looks like a real treat.what am i gonna do now?dr. matheson. paging dr. matheson.moira, you don't have to stay,rolie will be here any minute,and i know how much thesingles event means to you.no, no, jocelyn, normally iwouldn't even consider leaving,but alexis... alexis has never handledthis kind of responsibility.and i would just hate to see it allcome clattering down around her.okay, moira, moira, if i may...listen, i can't speak to who alexis wasbefore you came here,and from what i've heardi don't really wanna digany deeper into that, butwhat i can say is this.i have watched your daughter,over the last couple of years,grow into one of the mostamazing people i've ever known.she is a hard worker, she is kind,and she is capable of so much morethan people give her credit for.jocelyn, that is one of themost generous complimentsone could receive as a mother.we all have fears as parents, moira,but at some point, we justhave to believe in our kids.perhaps you're right.where? where is she?there she is! okay, i found it!third time's a charm!rolie, you made it!you may step down, ma'am,i thank you for your service.okay. bye.thank you for everything, moira.i will never forget this.oh, if the drugs are any good, you will.bye.dr. matheson, callon line 2, dr. matheson.there you go. have fun this week!well, david, i gotta hand it to you.we've already sold halfof our massage oils.it's like you're an oracle when it comesto the sex lives of lonely people.- it's a gift.- how'd it go with ted?i love you.i know i'll never be ableto compete with mariah.mm.it just kind of feels likeone of those perfect momentsthat you dream about.except in my dream, i'mholding a nice cup of tea.oh...i'm kidding. i don't need the tea.no, i am making thisperfect moment, perfect.hey, it's musical chairs.it's a simple concept. ugh!keep moving! people are clustering,and you don't want that!♪♪♪okay guys, you know what that means,2 minutes on the clock tochat up your next new matchso make it count!- hi.- oh.so i'm guessing the press went home.it's a shame they didn't getto see what you've pulled off!um, actually you may not be able to tellby the way those two aregazing into each other's eyes,they actual work for rival newspapers.alexis, i'm sorry.i'm sorry i underestimated you.thank you.seems there's a lot more of me in you,than i give you credit for.- lucky me.- mm hmm.i'll take it from here.i thought you were just apologizingfor underestimating me?you can't play the game witha clipboard in your hand.go on.♪♪♪hi.apparently i only have two minutes,so i'm gonna make this quick.hi.i'm ted, i'm newly single.and i'd be kidding myself if i told youthat i haven't wanted to do thisevery single day for the last two years.do what?oh! oh, no, no thank you.♪♪♪oh, what a handsome guy.he looks just like me.and yet, he's handsome.hey, moira, you haven't hada chance to hold the baby yet.oh, i'm... i'm all right, thank you.i can see clearly from here.should we tell her?moira, what you did todaymeant the world to us.and we know it wasn'texactly how you planned- on spending your day.- aw, it was nothing.so, we'd like you to say helloto roland moira schitt.wow, that's... the name isreally something, isn't it?and an honor i dream not of!do you wanna hold him, moira?- oh yeah, here you go.- no, no please.comin' at ya.- please, no.- here he comes.roland moira schitt. oh, ha ha.look at that, the two moira's.take him, john, my hands are shaking.no, thank you.