i-i can see you!can you see me?finally! how many dayshas it been?yeah, sorry about that.we ended up having to extendour research trip.but it was totally worth itbecause we discovereda new breed of flythat mates with itself.yummm! mm.well, i guess if this iswhat you look likeafter finding some gross fly,i can forgive you for beingaway for so long.i've actually been benchpressing 100-pound tortoises


because there's no gym here.ted! stop making me jealousof turtles.tortoises, but i do havetur-tell youthat i've been thinkingabout you, a lot,especially at nighttime.what a coincidence.i've been thinking about youa lot.at nighttime.i've been all alone and lonely.oh!oh my god, david!knock much?!hi, david!hi. is he dressed?- yes!- ugh. forget it.


okay, we're celebratingour anniversary.can you give us some privacy,please?kids, just wanna let you knowi'm taking the car this morning.- ugh!- mm.you might wanna say hi to ted.he and alexis were aboutto engage in cyber-sex.mm!- hi, ted.- hi, mr. rose.alexis,what have i told youabout putting your bodyon the internet?never! never without properlighting.can everyone get out, please?!i haven't seen my boyfriendin like eight days.and i haven't seen my furryfendi's for weeks.hi, mrs. rose!no. we're not engagingwith them.everybody out so i canfinish off with ted!- sick!- ugh! goodbye, please!found them!*schitt's creek*season 06 episode 03*schitt's creek*episode title :"the job interview"what took you so long?uh, you said it wasan emergency,- so i came straight here.- you stopped for coffee?and a breakfast burritothat i got to go.so what's going on?i need you to help me...put together an outfit.'kay, i have a job interviewthis afternoonand i need to lookprofessional.so, does that mean you'reofficially leaving the motel?no. just, i don't know,i'm just, you know, tryingto see what's out there.- mm.- and...larry air is hostingan open callfor employment opportunities.okay, "larrierre" soundslike a dollar-store perfume.it's an airline.larry is the name of the ceo.he used to own a chainof delis,but then he sold themto buy a bunch of planes.mm.i get to travel,see the world.mhmm. you know thati was once toldthat i would make an excellentflight attendant.hmm! by who?sandy, the hostess onour private plane.she once let me debonea branzinoduring turbulence.so what're you trying to say?you don't think i have what ittakes to be a flight attendant?no. i just think if it'sbetween the two of us,we all know who's gettingthe job.oh! okay.why don't you come with me thenand...and we'll see who gets it.well, if this is whatwe're working with,i think we can hand methe contract today.i need a boot.i think the pitchfor the new motel went well.if all goes to plan,we should be able to moveforward even without stevie.i want you to know, johnny,i am not gonna abandon youlike she did.- stevie didn't abandon us.- well, jump ship.look, origami!all right, gentlemen,i spoke with my managerand everyone's in agreementthat this proposalis excellent.ah! that sounds good!unfortunately, we couldn'toffer the loan at this time.sorry, i might've gottenconfused there.the bank has assessed thatyou don't have enough assetsto secure the loan.i have assets.i'm invested in the motel.which doesn't appearto be in your name.that's right, it's inmy partner's name.so, you're stevie budd?no.believe it or not,that's actually a woman's name.look, there must be somethingwe can do here.i ran a major businessfor 30 years.yeah, and look at the waythis guy bounced backfrom total financial ruin.you know, there was a daywhen bankswould provide loansbased solelyon their faith in a very solidbusiness idea.that's gonna be a tough sellto my boss.we don't offer faith-basedloans.okay, uh, i did not wannaplay this card,but... i will.i am the mayor.you already mentioned that.'kay, did i mention i wentsteady with your mom?unfortunately, you did.okay, then i'm out.i got nothing.honey, you're home!yay!alexis!your father and i are goingto meet for a celebratory lunchwhen he's done at the bank,and...i was supposed to invite youto join us.yeah, i'm a little busy.what in god's name do youhave there?please tell me it's nota testudine.no, it's a turtle.alexis!turtles do not pets make.the poor things are riddledwith a myriad of diseases.you may as well tie a leasharound a raw chicken cutlet.relax, they said he's alreadybeen washed.say hello to ted.hello, theodore.i don't see the computer.no, i've named the turtle ted.all the blogs about successfullong-term relationshipssay that the key is creatingshared experiences.oh dear.if your coupling istoo frangible to survivethis brief disunion...okay, i am trying my best.is this supposed to be makingme feel better?oh, very well. alexis,if you desire a lovewith longevity,the key is to have as littlein common as possible.after an award-worthy trilogyof decades together,your father and i stillastonish each other.although today,i will but feign surprisewhen he tells mehe's secured a hefty loanto initiate our imminentconnecting departurefrom this lengthy layover.you'll be coming with?no. i have to give tedhis pellets,and then put him downfor a little nap.sexy.mm! mm!now is this look comfortablefor you, or uncomfortable?uh, you dress for the jobyou want.so you wanna be a youthpastor?hi. wow. while, that joke wassurprisingly sharp,these are patrick's clothes.so, you might wanna tell thatto my fiancé's face.mm. "larry air,recent improvements:all chairs will have traytables,not just first class."i feel like i'm flying onthe concorde.you can leave any time.i'm fine to do this on my own.how will i get the jobif i leave now though?all right, everyone,if you could please follow me,we're ready to get started.thank you so much.well, it is so excitingto seehow much interest there isin larry air.oh, i should mention,if anyone here is involvedin the class-action lawsuitagainst larry air,you are disqualifiedfrom applying.all right,why don't we go around,and i'll have each of youstate your nameand tell us what you consideryour biggest weakness.ooh!me? um... stevie budd,and um...i'd say my biggest weaknessis...that i'm disorganized.ooh, that's true.- and, um, i'm indecisive.- yes.- uh... i also...- okay.we just needed one. next?hi. david rose.would we consider loyaltya weakness?if not, i'm also really honest.i'm just gonna put downchatty.- okay.- hmph.well, she said there wasnothing she could do.apparently, i don't haveenough assets.yeah, she said apparentlyjohnny doesn't have enoughassets.yeah, and the problem is,how do you get assets...without the loan?but the the problem is,how do you get assetswithout a loan?roland, you're not addinganything to the sentence,you're just repeatingwhat i said.anyway, i don't know how longthis will set us back, moira.could be another year or twobefore we make any headway.oh, surely there's somepenny-wise townspersonwith a hidden rainy-dayreservoir.well, you know, uh, i don'twanna be the town gossip here,but, uh, the other day,i got a look at bob'sfinancial statementon his desk in the office,and that garage is doing great!plus, he got plugs last year,but...you didn't hear that from me.you know, come to thinkof it,gwen has been comingto rehearsal- in those fancy yoga clothes.- those are not cheap.i know because i buythe knockoffs,and they're not cheap.bob...you know, he was veryinterestedin that bagel businessa while ago,and this is a much strongeridea.roland and i are havingdinnerwith bob and gwen tonight.- bob!- hey, folks.bob!oh, look at you, robert,with the hides of a herdof holstein on your back.yeah.sorry, uh, i don't have timeto chat. uh...i just had two cups of coffee,uh, i don't wanna push my luck.i mean, uh, these pants,they take like a yearto unlace, so...rose's, i hope you like fish,'cause i think we just reeledin a big one.hey, alexis. another greensmoothie, no greens?um... yeah,if you're making one.no. i'm askingif you want one.okay, twy, i didn'tlike leave anything behindwhen i popped by earlier,did i?i don't think so, but if youtell me what you lost,i can ask george if anyoneturned it in?no, it's, it's nothing.it's just a turtle.- what?- his name is tedand he's gone. and i can'tremember where i put him,and i thought it wasin the motel,but he could've like crawledout of my pursewhen i brought himby the cafe earlier.okay.turtles are actually kind oflike huge health hazards,so when did you last see him?'kay, it's been weeks.but between the patchy wi-fiand like the ten-daynature trips,and me being alone here,kind of feels like he leftthe day that he flewto the galapagos.the turtle flewto the galapagos?no, ted the turtleis missing,i am now talking aboutmy boyfriend ted, twy.it'd be great if you couldkeep up.right. sorry.the slowest animal on earthescaped from me.that can't not be a bad sign.my mom had a turtle dovethat was eaten by herex-fiancé's snake.- that was a bad sign.- oh my god.and it happened onvalentine's day.- mm.- and her fiancé was a satanist.i think you guys are just goingthrough a tough time.but... who knows?maybe you'll be pleasantlysurprisedby how much closer this bringsthe two of you.and if it makes you feelany better,turtles actually thriveout of captivity.thanks, twy.oh, and if you do see ted likewaddling around in the kitchen,just feed him a carrotand shoot me a text.i hope you're joking.me too, girl.love you!- excuse me.- mm?this baby behind me has beencrying for over an hour nowand i just can't take itanymore.you and me both.i have shushed them thriceat this point.now, here are your options:i could either move those twoto the back of the plane,or i could offer yousome complimentary alcoholto make your flighta little more bearable.okay. thank you, david.thank you, carol!- that was a great example...- thank you!...of what not to do.david just reminded usof two touchstone policieshere at larry air:no seat changes,and "complimentary"is not in our corporatevocabulary.but finger snaps for david!- we don't... ssure.- we don't... ssure.okay, i think it's timeto move on to the final round.if i call your name,please stand up.rupinder pimms,tracey mickleson,felix ng, and david rose.- fuck yes!- i regret to inform you,you will not be askedto continue the process.this is so embarrassing.i thought you said david rose.i did.too bad they didn't havea branzino to de-bone- because you would've got this.- hmm...yeah, hi, carol?uh, it's just that some of usdrove some of the otherapplicants here,so it might just be easierif we all just moved forwardinto the next round.i think it's bestif you wait in the hall.okay.i'll be taking some of thesecomplimentary peanuts then.oh, as i pointed out,nothing is complimentaryon larry air.i'm taking the peanuts,carol!okay, moving on...well, hopefully,gwen will be here soon.oh, we don't have to waitfor gwen.oh, i think we do. it uh...gives us more time to talk.how often do good friends geta chance to sit around and, uh,and talk?right!and, you know, i didn't geta chance to tell you before,but that is one snazzy outfit.i mean...somebody... somebody'sgot some money to burn.take it easy, roland.- well...- let's not embarrass the man.he obviously knows whathis money can do for him.this is so exciting!i feel like i'm a wolfof wall street.good... then let's go getour lamb.oh, are we having lamb?no, just my sloppy jocelyns.hope you're hungry, bob.speaking of yummyopportunities.john, were you able to returnbill and melinda's call todayabout the hmm hmm-hmm?well, you know, moira,we're not supposed to bediscussing investmentopportunities at the table,no matter how lucrativethey might be.but you know what the gatesesare like -bill and melinda.you know, they're expectingyour call about...the investment.- yeah.- wow! you know bill gates?oh, who doesn't?but you're right, bob,why gild their lilieswhen there might be someoneright under our noseslooking for a lucrative venture?well, i... look, i...i might as well just come clean:gwen's not coming.let's eat.yeah, she, uh, she left me.i'm sorry, it's just all this,all this money talk,and all i can think aboutis how much i spent onthis suit.gwen, she told me, you know,she said, "i like bad boys,"and now she's holed upwith our minister.she was bragging abouta religious experience.perhaps there's an upsideto all this,fiscally speaking.hmm!oh no, no.listen, uh, johnny,i, i hate to ask,but, uh, you just seem to haveso many, uh, high-profilefriends.do you think one of themmight be open to...cutting me a loan?see, gwen and parson jim,they're...they're after the house.mm.so, are you just never gonnatalk to me ever again?i asked you to roll upthe window in the car.the highway smelled like manure.okay. it just seems likeyou're upset.not upset.just didn't feel like talkingin the car. so.okay.did carol embarrass herselfby sending me awayin front of everybody?absolutely.was the entire group shockedby that decision?seemed like it based onsome people's faces.now ask me if i care.- do you care...- don't care! i don't care!you are such a sore loser.i am not!i'm not. it's just, do youreally wanna work for a placethat clearly doesn't knowwhat they're doing?oh, well, they really want meto work for them,so i have to trust that theydo know what they're doing.- okay.- admit it.i'm more qualified than you.- fine.- admit it.you're more qualifiedthan me.- thank you!- now...let's see what exciting newjob opportunities await youin your new careeras an airline hostess.give me that! give it!i am so embarrassed for you!now, i would love to use oneof larry air's"completely private"new paid toilets.i don't know why they haveto stress "completely private."get out! get out!no.ugh!ted! dinner's ready!ugh!- alexis rose?- yes?mr. mullens has arrangeda limo for you.if you could please comewith me.how do i know this isn't likean abduction or something?it's not an abduction.you didn't blink.i believe you.um, okay, i'll be out in five.good evening, ms. rose.the other member of your partyhas already been seated.♪ i tell myself that i'm... ♪♪ so lucky ♪♪ to be loving you ♪oh, hi. ted! what is this?well, i couldn't letour anniversary gowithout a celebration.just because we're not inthe same citydoesn't mean that we can't goon a date.and you're wearingthe little tiewith your short-sleeved shirt.my little galapo-guy.yeah, it's actually reallyhot here,so the bottom half is just mybathing suit and flip-flops.ted! more about yourbottom half, please!twyla's not standing rightbehind you, is she?hi, ted.twyla, again,i can't thank you enoughfor making this happen.um, i can lock upif you wanna go, twy.oh, someone has to serve youdinner.but don't worry,i'll stay out of your way.alexis, i'm sorry fordropping the ball on our calls.i thought that we would havewi-fi on the tripand we didn't, so...the rest of the teamjust had to listen to me talkabout you for seven days.in fact, they actually namedthe new fly "alexis."the fly that mateswith itself?yeah, i think the importantthing is that, now,i have a little alexis herewith me,just buzzing around.i'm just like so happyto see your face.me too.- ♪ so lucky ♪- boop!- boop!- ♪ to be loving you ♪okay, john, i'm going tothrow another name at you:ronnie. owns her own business,no kids.clearly doesn't spend any moneyon herself.i appreciate the enthusiasm,moira, but uh...i just got off the phonewith betty terkstra.she sold the place.no, john!i'll keep an eye openfor a less pricey property,but, uh, without stevie,i think we're in a bitof a bind.oh, john, hold me.good is coming, it has to.hello, johnny!look, i appreciatethe gesture, guys,but, uh, this is not a goodnight for champagne.oh, speak for yourself, john.oh good, you're lying down!we have big news.if you're referring to thebath-time video gwen posted...n-no, n-no, it's...it's not that exciting.no, um...well, we...- bought the motel!- what?!yeah, we took out a secondmortgage on our house.yeah. after what went downat dinner,joc and i started talking,and we figured,well, if it's good enoughfor bill gates to invest in,it's, uh, good enough for usto invest in.roland, we don't actuallyknow...i'm, i'm sorry,i'm, i'm not comprehending.we...are buying into the business.say hello to your newbusiness partners.oh, well, if that's not causefor alcoholi don't know what is.so, we have the motel?we sure do.now, first order of business,we need name tags.i don't believe this!roland, we will make this work.- yes.- we'll make it work.- thank you. thank you, roland.- all right.why is there a turtleon the floor?alexis!