hey, moira, could youturn that down, please?important call coming through.stevie says it's the guyfrom the winery.mmm...hello, johnny rose.hello? hello?ah!stevie?- i put it through!- okay.- who is it?- herb ertlinger.- excuse me?- herb ertlinger from the winery.


he's the only guy that's gottenback to me on my proposal,and now, the...hi! hello!there's something wrongwith the phones!john,have her patch it through to the kids' room.yeah, patch it throughto the kids' room!okay!very good suggestion!kids!david, answer the phone!he has his headphones in.he can't hear it.- then you answer it!- okay!hello?alexis, could you open the door, please?i'll take it.


no, sorry, you have the wrong room.he's actually in room six.alexis,unlock the door please!okay! no problem. bye.he's gonna call you backin your room!no!hello?can you get a heart murmurfrom a lack of sleep?because i have not sleptsince we've got here,and i think my bodyis shutting down.well, i hate to admit it,but i actually knowvery little aboutheart murmurs.well, i have one.uh, the pulseis very irregular.honestly, david, i have tried tofind my pulse like a thousand times.and nothing.- so, don't worry about it.- no, this is very serious!my heart has not restedin a long time,my immune system is very low,i have not been ableto find kale anywhere here...how long are we goingto be talking about you for?i think i'm havinga heart attack,- is what's happening!- david, you are like 34.i'm basically 29.oh, my god.you are overreacting.i think you're gonnafeel very guiltywhen i slip into a comaand you have to come visit mein the hospital at hospice.well, i'm gonna go for a jog,so don't die until i get back.well, how longare you going for?um, i don't really know.how long are you gonna be like this for?- don't be a little "b"...- bye!...when i'm in this state!now, it's fruit wine,which is exciting in itself.but the thing we're mostproud of is that our fruitis 100% insecticide free.- ah!- mmm... mmm!there's something in mine.oh, that's a ladybug.that's one of the good ones.excuse me.herb ertlinger.no, this tasteslike somethingone should notput in their mouth.it's fruit wine.whoever heard of fruit wine?doesn't matter,it's a business.i'll make it work.it's next to a landfill, john.he said, "former landfill."sorry. i was looking intoa new sprayer.and i brought you this,it's our cabernet merlotpetit grenache.sounds delightfully busy.you know, herb, if you needany help with distribution,i have extensive contactsin that area.or if it'soperations management...johnny, while iappreciate that offer,- it's actually not your help i'm looking for.- oh.no. it's you, moira.we were hoping that youwill be the spokespersonfor herb ertlingerfruit wines.i... i don't understand.my wife and i were suchbig fans of sunrise bay.and we would behonored to have youdo just a few commercialsto promote our wine.that is, of course,if you like it.like it? it's fruit wine.what's not to like?so, an hour ago, i thoughti was having a heart attack.- oh, no!- yup, yup, yup...- um, but i'm not.- oh. phew!according to web md,i'm having a pulmonary embolism,which is much, much worse.well, you look good.that's just the way i look.i need you to take meto a hospital right now.yeah, the only hospital'sin elmdale.you're telling methere's no doctor around here?people just drop dead in thestreets out of sheer neglect?uh, well, there istechnically a doctor.then, please take meto that doctor right now.i'm just not sleeping.and i think there's a lack ofoxygen getting to my heart,because i'm feelingvery suffocated.okay, right.well, if it is a heart attack,we're way too far awayfrom the nearest hospitalfor you to make itthrough the night.- what?- kidding.take a deep breath for me?good. now, have you been aroundany feces in the past two days?- i don't...- so, no.- no.- okay. well, the good thing isi don't think that you needan ambulance, david,because what i thinkis happening hereis you're havinga panic attack.oh, no, those aren't real.those are a pr spinfor celebrity publicists.trust me,i've known enough celebrities.no, it's absolutelya real thing.tell me, have you hadany experiences latelythat have caused youstress or anxiety?uh, well, i went from living in a2500 square foot soho live-workspaceto a motel roomwith my sister.wow!that'll do it."hello, i'm moira rosefor herb...""oh, hi! i'm moira rosefor herb ertlinger wines,"inviting you to tryour latest offering,"a fruity cab francwe call...""we call herb ertlinger'sfruity cab..."oh, no. no, no, no. no good."smokey tannins infuse this richblend with a plummy bouquet.""plummy bouquet?"is this guy for real?his turns of phraseleave much to be desired,but the wine is potable.you called it "liquid stink"this morning.the whites seem less stinky.and how about this tote bag?two-ply toilet paperhas more heft.i'm sensing negativity, john.is this because he did nottake you up on your offer?are you kidding me?come on!hey, i haven't evengiven that guya second's thoughtsince i got home.i was doing him a favor,that's all.i don't want himtarnishing your reputation.i mean, have you read the literature?look at this."the maximum benefit ofthe peach-afication process.""peach-afication"!who uses a word like "peach-afication"?a moron would use that.that "moron" isthe first moron to offer mean acting rolein a very long time.well, he's lucky to have you.john, this commercial,in the right hands, could be...i don't want to use the word"comeback,"that's... i don't wannajinx it, but...john,no one knows the business better than you do.oh, honey, i'm just the moneybehind the scenes.not that i don't have a few companycommercials under my belt, but...if you want mein your corner, i'm there.oh, john.thank you.- i'll do what i can.- thank you.but seriously,how cheap-ass is that bag?ew! ew! ew!you have to open your eyesto get it in the bag!- good. argh!- so, can i ask you a question?why do you alwaysget dressed up to do this?i mean, it doesn't seemvery practical.naomi campbell woredolce & gabbana coutureto her community service.and just because she waspicking up roadkilldid not mean thatshe needed to look like it.and i just always reallyadmired her courage.um, i didn't understanda word you just said.besides, it's nice to change yourclothes every once in a while.something you might wannaconsider doing at some point.i change my clothes.- they're just all the same.- uh-huh.yeah.oh!well, at least nowthey'll get washed.come on! run!what? it's actuallynice in here.well, i'm not valentino,but you know...okay, well, don't tryand be funny about it.it just happens naturally.it's just that, um...when a guy can pack his wholewardrobe into an overnight bag,you just don't really think that he'dbe much of an interior designer.don't worry, they're fresh.they're clean.hmm.ooh! smell that rock-beatenfreshness.what?it's just i do beatmy laundry against rocks.you're a freak.what kind of lensare we using here?it's azoom lens."oh, zoom."good, good, good...- yup, yeah.- any primes?any primes? using any primes?nah. those are usuallyfor feature films.yeah. yeah. no, it's just i...what's the ring lightsituation?do you think we need an inky?- i don't know, i don't know...- i...are we booming this today?- ew!- shh!why is it dark?- it's like a witch's house in here, david.- shush!what's going on?i am on day two of a panic attack,and i have not slept at all.babe, you know that panicattacks aren't real, right?they're just things that celebritiesmake up to make themselves...no, i know. i thought so, too.but they are real,and i'm having one apparently.okay. okay.well, while you were havingyour "panic attack,"i somehow agreedto attend a yoga class.that might bea good thing for me.okay, well,i'm not gonna go, though.that might help me relax,might help me calm down.david, i just saidi'm not gonna go.i don't wanna haveto bring this up.but it's my turnto take a selfish.- no, david...- yes, it is.- you selfished last time.- no.dubai, 2010,i had to pick you up from that blind datethat went terribly wrong.it was a total disaster.it's my turn,and i wanna goto a yoga class.fine, i will go,but i am not happyabout this at all.okay. get off my bed.ouch! david. ouch! david!- argh!- shut the curtains!oh, some people liketo exaggerate,especially in our business.i dunno. a lot of peopleon set were saying it.he's making people nervous."i don't care what others say."that's today's mantra.- you look awesome!- oh.- hey! there she is!- hi!there's my tv star.hi, sweetheart.- hi!- nervous?- no, i'm good.- good! don't want you nervous.- no.- is that the outfit you're wearing?- yes. that's the one you and i chose together.- oh!it looks a little lessflattering in the daylight.- johnny!- no. i'm just saying,if there's another outfit...- no! there's no second choice.- really?- no.- i don't know...- cheese tray.- whoa, whoa, cubby.what's this?who ordered cheese?- i asked for cheese.- oh, no, no. no cheese.i don't thinkthat's a good idea.what about the melon?you ordered melon?- no, i didn't.- no? well, let's see...you know what?looks a little soft.why don't we 86 that plate?- johnny? johnny?- thanks, pal. yeah?- crystal, do you mind...- yeah. hey, crystal.- ...if i speak to my husband.- hey.yeah... listen. the script,i wanna make a few line...no! john, no more changes.i was wondering ifit might be better if you......just directed. just directed?believe me, i tried.that didn't fly.no. went home.- went home?- mmm-hmm.- why?- because you're making me nervous.and, apparently,you're making everyone nervous.no, no, no.honey, i'm just trying to help.i'm just trying to be in...i'm just watching your back.i know, john.you're so good at trying.now, i'm gonna call youas soon as i'm done.- crystal?- yeah?yeah, sure.well, i can just, uh...yeah, i'll just go home.- thank you.- bye.- all right.- bye.all right. have a good shoot!- you look good.- no, keep working, please.oh!- okay, i don't think i can do this.- there's a lot of people here.hey! you guys made it!amazing!it's a pairs class,so partner up.- okay. well, i'm not touching you.- well, i'm not touching you.- david, hon.- oh!- come join me.- oh, jocelyn...normally,i do this with roland,- but he had a bad burrito. so, he's mia.- oh!trust me, that's good newsfor everybody.i'm sure it is.and alexis, you can join mutt.okay.this is gonna be good for you.just relax.- okay. all right.- okay.- hi.- hey.ted told meall about your...nervous breakdown.- my what?- i was at the cafe.he didn't mention any names,but when he said it was someone precious,i knew.- slating!- somehow...remember to smile.- all right, get out of there, ladies!- thank you.and, action!hello, i'm moira rose.and if you like fruit wineas much as i do,discover a winery that pours careand craftsmanship into every glace.i'm sorry!i wanted to say "glass,"but i was thinking "case."that was great.loved it. uh...same energy. back to one.still rolling.check your teeth. yeah.outta there, ladies.still rolling.and when you're ready...hold on, hold on, hold on!action.hello, i'm moira rose,and if you enjoy flute lineas much as i...what?- uh, you said "flute line." - oh.that is funny.no problem. back to ones.and when you're ready...action!hello, i'm moina rose,and if you...okay, back to ones.still rolling.- why? why?- you said "moina."- you sure did.- are you sure?- yeah. yeah, it's cool.- i'm good.- it's great. all right.- please, i'm good.get outta there, ladies.- please, yes.and... when you're ready,action!action.action?well, thanks for the lift,thomas.you got it, mr. rose.yeah, we're talking to her now.where'd she go?apparently,she just locked herself in the bathroom.he's gonna pull the plug on the whole thing,unless, and i quote,"that fucking bitch gets herfucking ass out of the trailer."maybe i should get backin the car?i'm guessing, yes.rolling the shouldersback and down. lengthen...it's just all these feelings of displacement,you know? like, i've...- yeah...- i think i'm just having a very hard time- adjusting to the overall aesthetic of the town.- mmm-hmm.and it's just running throughmy head and i've been...yeah, lots of talking.lots of emoting.that's good, david. yeah.um, have you tried sex?- excuse me?- sex puts me right to sleep.- you should have lots and lots of sex.- oh...now,with your partner's help,send your hips tothe back of the barn.and, partners,roll your biceps out and up,guiding the hipswide and back.- is everyone doing this?- mmm-hmm.- um, how's your back?- it's good.i mean, normally,it's a little tight, but...yeah, it is... i mean,i haven't noticed.i have noticed. i haven't...i haven't "noticed" noticed, so...how are we doing here?- good. super good.um, this is a very challenging- yoga class, twyla.- thank you.thanks! yeah, so justhold mutt's lower back, here,just to support him.- okay.- good.now, feel the inner edgeof the thigh.- let's bring it down... oh, no!- oh!mutt should supporthis own thigh.oh, my god! oh, my god!i'm so sorry.i'm so sorry.it's okay. yeah.wow, i'm so sorry.moira? it's me.hi!you okay?yeah... i blew it, johnny.i blew it big time.- let me in, sweetheart.- oh, i don't know how.there's a knob on the door.no, i mean i don't knowhow to do this anymore!i'm no good!how did you open the door?i threw a shoe.this wine is awful!get me another glass.well, i think maybe we've hadenough wine, sweetheart.i can't feel my tongue.but i know it's there,because i'm talking.moira, you should hear what they'resaying about you out there.- you are doing great.- no.no, john, i ruined it.i ruined everything.- no! no, you didn't.- i did!no, sweetheart, i ruined everything.i ruined it.you did.why did you ruin everything?okay. well, let's not focuson me right now.the important thing is,you've gotta get back upand you've gottaget out there.i can't.- can't.- you can, moira!remember sunrise bay?you were drunkmost of season three...and half of season four...end of season five.i'll have to takeyour word for it.did i used to havea drinking problem?the point is,you can do this, moira.you're radiant.you're beguiling.mmm.you were daytimetelevision's brightest star!all you have to dois go out there and shine.i'm gonna.i'm gonna fuckin' nail it.okay.and on a big inhale,identify any tensionyou may be holding.and on a big exhale,breathe it out.i burnt my sausage casserole.i'm pretty surei'm really lonely here.now, with one partneron the ground,the other comes intoa downward dogwith hands on yourpartner's ankles.in the leeof a picturesque ridgelies a small,unpretentious winery,one that pampersits fruit like its own babies.hi! i'm moira rose,and if you love fruit wineas much as i do,then you'll appreciate the craftsmanshipand quality of a local vintnerwho brings themusk melon goodnessto his oak chardonnay,and the dazzlingpeach cral-bappleto his riesling rioja.come taste the difference goodfruit can make in your wine.you'll rememberthe experience,and you'll rememberthe name.herb erflin-ger.burt herngeif.irv herb-blinger.bing livehaanger.liveling. burt herkurn.burt...bingo ling-fucker!