david?david, what is this?!it looks like a bike.is it yours?yes. yes, it is.david, what is this doing here?you might wanna read the note.no, is it from mutt?david!no! no!i feel like he really gets you.


like, i feel like he seeslike, deep into your soul.i'm not quite sure whathe's seeing exactly,but there's definitely- he's looking inward.- what am i gonna do?!- about what?this is serious, david!this is so off base!arghh!my god, imagine what kind of ring he'd buy!like an opal, or something.ooh, like a pear-shaped opal.hello, is anybody home?no, mutt!hey, you have to support me in this.- mhmm.- you have to, do you promise me?


oh yeah, of course.- so...- hey you!this is so special for me.well, i thought you needed a newmode of transportation.i do!i do need a mode of transportation!and like, a car would benice, but, do i need a car?not anymore, it appears.well, you said you missed spin class, so...i did!i did say that i missed spin class.and so you bought me a bike!because i said that i missed spin class.because you're sothoughtful and perceptive.- so you like it?- mm, i'd say she loves it.- mm-hmm.- well, you're gonna need this.a helmet!it came with the bike.i think you should put it on.like, i think you should actually like,- like, put the helmet on.- yeah.and i will one day,when we take this littlepony for a joyride!actually, i brought mybike, so we can test it out.i thought maybe we could takea little ride to the cafe.ah! so fun.i hate you, david!see 'ya!-- synced by the_foe ---- (dla ptiszonki) --what about lamps?the lamps at the motel have those uh...little bulbs,these are old-fashioned big bulb lamps.i don't see any bulbs here.no there aren't, but the point is,we can get big bulbs ifwe have big bulb lamps.oh john, i don't know.lamps, clothing, jewelry...look at this poor woman's lifestrewn across cheap folding tables.john, do you think theydid this with our things?no, not ours, no.they put our stuff right on the lawn.strangers picking throughprecious pieces we owned!i know, and judging us,like we're judging this poor woman.well, except they'd have been saying,"what great taste they had!"i wonder who got my golf clubs.really, john, that's thefirst thing that comes to mind?they were custom made.so was my galapagoniantortoise-shell foot bath.and now some lonely hoarderis letting his cats poop in it.well, they were justthings, moira, just things.yeah, designer,one-of-a-kind things.yeah, sleek, oak-trimmed,leather interior,- german-engineered things.- oh!shopping used to cheer me up.big bulbs is not doing it for me.oh god.- roland! - sure, i'll come in, butjust for a second.ahem!huh!can i help you with something?well um, here's the deal:uh, i was thinking this morning,and i don't wanna tellyou where i was thinking,but it was a small room in my house,- and i was sitting down...- okay.and i was thinking to myself,who can i trust to help mepick out a woman's blouse?and you know whose name came to mind?i don't-i don't know, rachel zoe?yours!i don't know how to take that.- it's for jocelyn.- mm!and you know, i would do it myself,it's just that you know, shopping,i mean, you go in, you get...- you know, look at the stuff on the racks,- uh huh...and you pick out, you know,the color that you like,and then you try it onand make sure it fits you,- right.- and then you buy it and you...you're just describing what shopping is.yes, and normally i'm fine with that,it's just i'm looking forsomething a little fancy here.a little um, stylish. a little elegant.- ah...- you know?and who knows elegancebetter than you, pal?i mean, you're the only elegant guy i know!so you're looking for me to style jocelyn?well, actually, this issupposed to be a surprise.so i was kinda thinking that maybe um,you and me could just goout and do a little uh,shopping together on the down low.y-yeah... yeah, that um...no, we could to that, wecould do that at some point.oh, great! yeah. yeah.good, that's terrific.so then, whenever's good for you.okay, great.so you wanna-so you wanna go now?it's a little time sensitive,that's the only thing.yeah, okay, well, i takeit you have measurements,and a mood board, then?the whole purpose of having a bikemight be to actually ride the bike.yeah, i'm just notwearing the right outfit.it's a five minute ride.yeah, so by the time we get on,and then we get off,it's almost not worth it.do you not like the bike?no, i love it! it's just that, um,there are so many drunkdrivers around here.it's 10:00am.mutt, you tell that to an alcoholic!is it the color? because i mean,- it's totally fixable!- okay, fine.i don't know how to ride a bike.- what?- i said, i don't know how to ride a bike!ugh!moira, look at these cufflinks.oh john,we're better off stealingcutlery from the cafe!no, these look like sterling.i'm gonna bid on these.hey there, roses!- oh, hi.- oh hey, jocelyn.look at you two bargain hunters.you finding anything yet?mm, nothing you couldn'tsee fall out of a commonchristmas cracker!i think half the fun is panning for nuggets- at these things.- ooh, look at that mattress!well, there you go, what a find.poor dear, enchanted by a death bed.this is a brand new mattress,it's still in the plastic!- what?!- yeah!and it's memory foam! thismust've cost a fortune!well, you're just gonna have to bid on it.john, why didn't yousee that mattress first?!that's something we could actually use!- i'll use the cufflinks!- what size is it?oh i don't know, it's at least a queen.well, that's too big to get home.- no, we got the truck.- but awkward, jocelyn,and awkward with thosetiny doorways of yours.johnny, help me cover it up.i don't want other people to see it.now, we need a top, and we need a bottom.like a skirt, something like that,which i know you're familiarwith 'cause you're wearing one.okay, these are pantsthat just so happen to havea pant fabric over thefront and back... okay.yeah, it's a skirt. um, what about this?it seems durable, yes?yeah um, in fashion, durable and elegantrarely go hand in hand.so i'd put that... put that back.okay, so not that.what about this?jocelyn seems to like loud floral prints.yeah, the thing is, um,this is kind of a special...- kind of blouse.- uh-huh.have you ever seen "the devil wears prada?"- obviously!- okay, well,meryl streep plays this kind ofpowerful, sexy fashion woman...- yep, i've seen it!- okay, anyway,jocelyn and i like to havea little fun with that idea,if you know what i mean.she plays meryl, and i play the nervousbut ambitious intern who's new to the city.oh, so you're the...so you-you're the annehathaway in that situation?i don't know who that is.well, that's more than enoughinformation for me to go on.- you're judging me!- i'm not!it's just riding a bikeis a pretty basic skill.mm, is it though?i think that most kidslearn how to ride a bike!yeah well, most kids also get head lice.i'm sorry if the opportunitynever presented itself.oh what, there was no gap year in belgium?no tour de france boyfriend?yeah, but i never had to ride the bike!and david, was such a little drama queenwhen my parents tried teaching him,that they threw all thebikes into this big bonfireup in the hamptons, and wenever talked about it again.oh.anyway, i have lots ofskills that you don't have.i am sure that you do.like, have you ever hadto negotiate in arabic?- it is very difficult.- i believe you.and try getting into "kiss kiss" in tokyowithout a lock of human hair.now, you see, if you can do all that,i'm pretty sure that youcan learn to ride a bike.alexis?sorry, i was just thinkingabout this crazy nightat "kiss kiss."well, this might be the closestwe're gonna get to meryl.you know, if she got firedfrom her job at the magazine,and started walking the streets.oh, that's a good one! wehaven't tried that one yet.- yeah, i wouldn't.- no, it's a good idea.missing peter pan?i'm sorry?well, because i see acouple of "lost boys."hi, i'm wendy. are we shoppingfor a mother, a girlfriend?- actually, my wife.- oh!yeah, we've got it under control though,so thank you so much.oh well, very well, then.if you need me, i'll be right here.i know how hard it can be for two menin a women's clothing store.well, i'm actually in really good hands,because this man has a woman's touch.i don't... i don't know what that means.okay, so we're going with these two pieces.oh well, i have to ask,is this for a funeral?because we do offer bereavement discounts.no, why would you think that?well, just very somber, serious pieces.well, we don't want that!well, they're not... if you're willing,i have a few new pieces that just came in,i'd love for you to see them.i just don't know if we need to beadding any more options to the mix.well, if she's offering,what's the problem?everything in here islike one big, tacky blouse.oh, come on, that's silly.now, i know you men like to play it safe,but i just thought, why not shake it up?- ugh!- oh, i like these!- um... hmm?- mhmm!- are they durable?- oh well,durability a given hereat the "blouse barn."and if you're asking my opinion...are we, though?it's between these two.well, this is a real "sophie's choice!"i hope that you and jocelyndon't role play that at home.hell, we've played every streep movie.oh, okay. um...would you describe eitherof those as "quick release?"funnily enough, both have snaps.oh, great!well, then i guess i um...well...uh, which one do you like?i don't know, it's such a tough choice.oh, you're tellin' me!it's just that i'm findingboth of these options- to be a little um...- what?well, i don't know, we'vejust spent so much timeand energy finding the fewpieces that aren't um...- uh...- what?!i'm trying to find theword to describe what i...oh! flirty? sassy?skanky! i think theclothes are a bit skanky.hmm.well! skanky.we'll um, take the funereal skirt then,and the skanky blouse.and sold!to johnny rose, for theprice of $15 dollars!which uh, i hope you can afford.you know, consideringyour financial situation.yeah, i get it ray, i get it. i get it.i've got cash, and i'd justlike my cufflinks, please.and now, moving on to bedroom items.first we'll have a brand new queen sizedmemory foam mattress.we'll start the biddingon the bed at $50 dollars.we have $50!- $60!- moira.- ssh!- ooh, i smell a bidding war!- do we have $70?- $70!$70! do i have $75?- $75!- moira, what are you doing?we are currently sleepingon a rectangular collectionof knives and barbed wire, john.$75, do we have $80?- $80!- $80!- $90!- moira, we can't afford this!- you got the cufflinks!- for $15 dollars!- $90! do we have $100?- $100!- $100!- you just bid against yourself!do i hear $105?do you remember what we usedto sleep on? texas kings!- $130!- wow, $130! do i hear $135?- $140!- $150!- $160!- moira, i'm begging you!oh, she has a decent bed, john,- she's just being greedy!- $165, anyone?- $170!- you did it again!- i know what i'm doing!- $170! $180?- ray, i think we're done here!- $180!$180! do i hear $190?one-nine... two hundred!$200! wow, mrs. rose.you're really going forit, which is surprising...yeah, ray, you know what,that was just a joke bid, so.oh, i understand.unfortunately that jokebid is currently our highestat $200 dollars!going once, going twice,two hundred and one!- $201 going once, going twice,- don't!sold, to jocelyn schitt, for $201 dollars.well, thank you for this delightful trip.you know, i'm starting toget the feeling that uh,you're a little upset.what would give you that impression?well, i first noticedit when heart came on,and nobody was taking the high parts.- oh my god!- look you should feel good about yourself!come on, you made some great choices today.nothing we bought today came anywhere closeto something meryl streep would wearin "the devil wears prada," nothing!oh jeez, you are so touchy!god, you're like a- a fancy dinner platethat you don't wanna nudgeoff the edge of the table.okay, i don't know what that means.um listen, i don't have alot to my name right now,but i do have one thing.- self-respect?- no, taste.and when that is not appreciated,or worse, publicly undermined, publicly...uh yeah, i might get a little upset.look, david-david!listen.if i wasn't so easilyswayed by powerful womenin a retail environment, iwould've been there for you.okay, because i honestlybelieve that really dohave a very, very sharp eye.thank you, that's nice of you to say.trust me, when joc sees this blouse,i'm gonna make sureshe knows you're the one- that picked it out.- i didn't pick that blouse.i know, but i'm gonna tell her you did.okay, thanks so much.- this is ridiculous!- this is how you learn.everyone is looking at me, mutt!no one is looking at you!- ugh!- is everything okay?people were saying that a girlwas struggling with her bike.i kinda just assumed it was a toddler.no, i am a grown adult young woman.okay, this is how my dad taught me,and this is how i'm teaching you!i'm glad i knew how toride a bike when we dated.yeah, i don't really trustyour dad in terms of like,"teachable moments."you know, one of my mom'sboyfriends had a really great trick.he used to say, "one foot on the ground,one foot on the pedal, nowget the hell outta here!"hey, that's fun, i likethat, let's try that.okay fine, i'm just saying,if it's something you never did before...- there you go!- okay, wait!are you coming, or do i justkeep like, driving straight?i didn't teach you how to brake yet!get the hell outta here, you dumb broad!that was another thing he used to say.hey. roland!johnny, um, do you have a minute?- yeah.- come here.what's going on?well johnny, i'm about to make youthe most popular guy in room 6.is this the mattress?okay, yeah, i've got a big heart,all right, don't spread it around.i talked jocelyn into letting you have it.you're giving us the mattress?well, practically, it'syours for $200 bucks.that's a dollar less than you paid for it!johnny, it's barely out of the plastic.we can't afford it.oh i see, you're the masternegotiator at work here, huh?okay, um, $195.we can't afford it!okay, hardball, huh? i'll play.um, $182.50.- all right, bye, roland.- fifty bucks.fifty?look, i'll level with you, okay?um, we tried it out as soonas jocelyn brought it home.you tried it out?yeah, not enough bounce for the bumps,- if you know what i mean.- hmm.but given your advanced years,it might just be thething for you and moira.yeah well, we're not that old...but $50?kudos to you, mr. rose.i can't believe i'm saying this,but i'm so comfortable!well, only the best for you, my dear.yet they didn't want it?oh, i think they just felt sorry for us.well, that seems strange, john.especially since jocelynpaid over $200 for it.you know what i think, ithink they tried it out,and uh, it just didn't work for them.and by tried it out, you mean...i mean they... tried it out.eww! oh god! no! oh! oh!oh god, that's memory foam, john!oh moira, we've stayed at kennedy compound,oh! this can't be any worse than that!the kennedys aren't roland!the kennedys have regularmedicals, daily laundering!this has gotta be betterthan the motel mattresswe were using, i mean, whoknows who tried that out!is that supposed to be helping me?!moira, this is a $50dollar gift from heaven.i mean, look, hey!i don't feel any springs,no nails, no bolts!it's comfy, come to bed.tomorrow we get a mattress cover.yes, yes, that's the spirit.oh...- oh!- mm!ahh...seriously, don't think about it.okay, so you have tokeep it upright.i don't even wanna do this!david, you're gonna feel so good, trust me.oh my god, you know that i have badfoot-eye coordination,you didn't have to wearcorrective leg braces for three months.you can't blame everything onhaving been pigeon-toed, david.- oh my god!- kids, your mother and i are gonna...oh my god, david, what are you doing?!i'm teaching him how to ride a bike!oh please don't, you know ican't stand the sight of blood.seriously son, you're gonna hurt yourself!david, it is one foot on the pedal,and one foot on the ground, andthen get the hell out of here!okay? i don't know what that means.okay, i'm gonna hold the back.aah! he's coming, come on, come on!oh, okay-aah! aah! aah!david, the pedals make it move more!- john, he's doing it!- you're doing it, son!oh my god.- yay!- woo hoo hoo!hey, someone get my camera!- nobody get a camera!- david! over here!-- corrected by chriske --