- moira! moira!- hm.oh no!i just finally cried myself to sleep.the bed is soaking wet.is it blood?no! there's... thereis leak in the ceiling.there is a brown disgusting drip coming.owwww!look it! look... oh my god.- i can't do it.- this place is a dump! it's a dump- i tried!- you know what it's a hell hole.


i tired, john, but i can't!wake up.start packing, the plumingis shot to hell in this placeand we are getting out. we are getting out!what are you wearing?what is that? a nightgown?it's a nightshirt, david.and that's not the issue.the issue is the brown sludge in my bed.we're selling the place!it's 6:00 am!what's the name of thatmouthy kid at the front desk?i don't know. i'm trying very hardnot to connect with people right now.the mouth the mouth, the girl.you might want to rethinkthe nightgown first.there's an ebenezer scroogething happening right now.


oh my god, that's who i was thinking of.you know what?! i'll do it myself.my best to bob cratchit.hello! hello! service?this bell is broken.yeah, sorry.it's more or less decorative.there's a leak in my room.brown, disgusting sewage water wasdripping all over my bed this morning.i was soaking wet. so i need a plumber.you want me to call a plumber?do i want you to call a plumber?yes, yes i do. i want you call...you should already be on the phone.could you call a plumber?stevie let's see if he'shome... or conscious.he's a good guy, he's just a big drinker.i also need a real estate agent.the name of a good realestate agent right away.ooh, there's a guy named ray.yeah. he's the best one.he's also the only one so...a guy named ray...is there anything else ican help you with, mr. rose?yes. my wife and i will be taking breakfastin our room this morning.eggs florentine and a yoghurt parfait.yeah... unfortunately, dueto a lack of everything,we don't do room service.uh, but you're alwayswelcome to help yourselfto our complimentary espresso bar.i'd rather drink the pipe-water.i hear ya.ew! who even is this girl?he said he'd never date someonewith a toe ring and yet...- rub my back.- what?! no.i rubbed your back many anights when you were little.yeah, in exchange for half my allowance.fine. you may select one silverpiece from my accessory case.- right here.- omigod...she has hakuna matata tattooed on her foot.stavros was seeing escorts before you.a disney tattoo shouldn't be a surprise.we said no social media postbreakup. we had a pact about that.he dates hooker.oh, well, i'm sorry, i don'thire my friends at model castings.actually, now that i think aboutin, where are those friends?they're just giving me space right now.because they're considered people.oh right. space. yeah.okay. well, i think it'sbests that he dumped you.he didn't dump me.we actually both decided that it wasbest that he see other people so...children, mindless bickering isa luxury we may no longer afford.you are blind to realityand for that i am most proudbut our worlds evil twin...has reared her ugly...okay. i'm taking myjournal into the bathroom.where i will be shutting the door.david! you might actually wanna hear this.oh hi!are you ray?- yes.- you're late.johnny rrose. my wife, moira.- hello.- hi.oh, i love your complexion.so... what can i help you with,housing, investment opportunities?mr. rose and i would liketo put a for sale signon this incredible town.we're willing to settlefor what we paid for it.more if you can get it,but definitely not less.well, i'm not gonna lie toyou i'm not super optimistic.you know, because the governmentsaw no value in schitt's creek.you know, when theyrepossessed your assets.you know, because of the humiliating...yes, we know. we know. we know.well, we'll do our best.first we just have to getroland to sign off on the listingand then we're good to go.i need to confer with thefinancial powerhouse of the family.since when did the mayorneed to sign off on this?ray, since when did the mayorneed to sign off on this?well, it's all here...son of a bitch!oh, excuse me.i don't think my sheets have been cleaned.they smell like cigarettes.no, that's just the way they smell.also, you can tell your dadthat the plumber was busyso i just pushed the bed against the walland put down a bucket where the bed was.okay. we're gonna be selling the town,so it'll be someone else's problem soon.but it's such a great place to live.i think you're funny.thank you.um, look i know thisprobably isn't your thing,but there's a tailgate party later.it's not exactly clubbingbut you know... close.i don't even know what 'tailgate' means.in my mind i'm picturing like a klan rally.yeah, just fewer pointy hats.it's just townies with un-ironic haircuts.okay. i'm gonna pass i'mnot really in the moodto be a victim of ahate crime tonight so...okay.stavros just posted three more photos.who are these jenky women?uh, from the looks of it they'reblonde and mostly naked so...is there a bar in this placeor are we in one ofthose religo cult towns?i was just telling yourbrother about a party tonight.but he passed so...um, yes. love that journey for me.okay, so i'm lookingfor a guy like a mechanicor someone that hammers stuff.um, at least 5'7. kind of like full lips.athletic body. maybe aneck tattoo would be cute.no, it wouldn't.you know, i think thiscould be really good for me.so thank you.you're welcome. yeah.i'm looking forward to it.having all that fun.wow.so johnny rose wants theol' johnny hancock, huh?well...shouldn't be a problem, johnny.i'm happy to signoff on the listing.well, thank you, very much,rolland, i appreciated.sure. why don't you comeover tonight and pick it up.mr. mayor, that's not necessary.no, no. roland, asignature, that's all i need.johnny look, here is what you're gonna do;you're gonna grab the kids,you're gonna grab moira,you're gonna come over we're gonnasit down like civilized people,have a few laughs,and then at the end of the eveningwe'll get to the big signing, okay?right. okay. honestly roland, it's just a,it's just a signature. aflick of the wrist. that's it.you're not rejecting myhospitality, are you, johnny?because that really wouldn't be a good wayto start things off, i don't think.no, no. i'd love to come todinner are you kidding me?no. i just thought,let's do business first,get the signature, and then dinner.johnny, you want that,to get that you need this.so let's just do this my way.yeah, yeah, sure. yeah, dinner is.dinner it is, atta boy. okay.how did you not get thecontract signed, john?can one thing, just one thing,not be easy in this town?!look roland's playing games,honey, he's playing games.so this is something we have to do.okay. well, i would love to go,but i've actually double booked myself.i'm going to a truck partyum, with the front desk girland obviously she'd be super devastatedif i bailed last minute. so i can't.i can't go.okay. well, cancel it becauseyou're coming to dinner.no.one of you kids has to come.davis, you've got nothing on tonight.how... how do you know that.what do you have on tonight?- what?- good, it's settled.or you could go alone, john.since you are the one who didnot get the contract signed.moira, roland wants thefamily there tonight,so my family has to go tonight.let me explain something about business.- don't you dare...- it's a dance.and sometimes you lead.and sometimes you follow.and which are you doing now, john?i am leading, moira.in a roland game i think you're following.following in the game butleading in the dance, right?and he thinks he's leading in the dance,but only because i'veallowed him to think...- are you listening to this?- hmm?it doesn't matter. i'm leading.i'll shall bathe.and if i bang my head andslip beneath the surface,so be it, mr. rose.- what's this?- uh yeah, stevie called.apparently the plumber's in rehab.and you also... youhave something on your...i don't know what that is but it's a thing.david, for the gate party tonight isit more of a leather pants thing or...son of a bitch!thanks for having us, jocelyn. thank you.make yourselves at home.roland is just on the toilet.oh, what a surprise.you have a really lovely home.it's really um, understated.thank you. i get a lot ofmy ideas from magazines.don't be modest.this is 100 percent you and only you.roland hey, okay. it's the roses.come on, folk, please sit.come on, i'm just themayor for crying out loud.ooh, hors d'oeuvres. mmm.that's too bad about alexis.well, it is. but we didbring the life of the party.our david.well, i guess, that just means thereis more for you and me, right dave?i hope everyone likes a cheeseball.cheeseball?it's the treat that keepsour love life percolating.it's like an aphrodisiac with him.go ahead.oh yes, can't wait. can't wait. mmm.so david, tell us about yourselfi hear you're a gallerist.wow. there's a $10 dollar word.david owned a brilliant gallery.tell them about your last show.- it's not...- you must, please.tell them, david, tell them.the gallery worked with janet kempfluugen.kempfluugen?she's a brooklyn based performanceartist she's a big deal.anyway um... she would walk into the spacewearing a clay mask of a fawn,remove her clothing and breastfeed members of the audience.it was a commentary on income inequality.wow...heady stuff.well, hmm...lipgloss?no thank you.i wish i could pull off thewhole gloomy, no makeup look.it's so french.thank you.so, why are you single?who said i'm single?girl, we're on the hunt.i hope you're single.oh, no. i'm not "on the hunt".a town this size, you'veeither been through 'emor know a little too much about 'em.hmm. okay. i'm gonna go do a lapand this swan is best when she flies solo.- so you're gonna be okay?- i live here.okay. am i good?yes? okay. thank are you not cold-chuck, beer!i know it's gotta be in here somewhere,slippery little bastard.maybe a fork would help, roland?oh, that's sweet. thankyou. i'm okay. i'll find it.so is that the ah, contract over there?yeah, it is. you know, igotta be honest with you,i tried reading thatthing it is really boring.ah, got it! there she is! okay.ohh! oh my god, honey... oh, that is good.that is good.i believe you were saying, john.yes. this reminds me of amerger i put together in zurich.it was two familiesbreaking bread together.ahh! agh. my head. my head hurts.oh no! are you okay?um, it think it's themigraines that i get a lot.oh, i think... i think that'll pass, david.i don't think it's gonna pass.i don't think it's passing.migraines can be so awful.yeah, well, not this one. not this one.yeah, you know what?i... i think i need to go.i think you need to eatsomething and that will help.no, i think i need to go back.take me with you please.david, sit down. sit down. sit back down.jocelyn, thank you so much for dinner.why don't you lay down on our mattress.the sheets are in the dryerbut there is rubber pad.- no. thanks.- david! don't go near the door.david! do not open that door.i brought vodka as a house gift.i don't see it.that's what i say. great.- i'm twyla from the cafe.- yeah.yeah. davis rose.i'm a little drunk.- hey.- hey stevie.i am going to roast myself a marshmallow.- anybody?- no. thanks.- you're all good?- no.great.i don't know why you wereso reluctant to show up here.you fit right in.well, my sister texted me "help".and my mind went straight to deliverance.so i wasn't too far off.that's funny because your sistertexted me from across the bonfireand said you'd probably show up herebecause you were bored and lonelyand had nothing better to do.well, my sister is a brokenshell of a human being.that's where that's coming from so...oh, okay.oh. well, she seems fine.are you serious? that'sso funny. that's so funny.so i guess you're free to go.i'm gonna need a stiff drinkto get through this. stiff.so jocelyn, you were sayingthat you teach high school,or you want to finish high school?i'm not sure, i couldn't hearover your husband's chewing.i teach high school.oh, you're a saint.i love it. i love connectingwith the young people.although i know those boysare undressing me every timei drop a piece of chalk.yeah. well, maybe we shouldhold onto our chalk, hmm?they're boys! it's cute.john...oh, there it is! there it is!- the vivien blake bitch face!- excuse me?i didn't want to say anything,but you were my favouritecharacter on "sunrise bay".- thanks.- it's true.he lived for "sunrise bay".i could be doing cartwheels in a thongin front of that television,which i have done,but if your show was on, iwas as good as wall paper.hey, how many people didyou slap on that show?i don't care.she can't remember,there were so many slaps.enough about me.let's talk about you signing this contract.well, somebody is in alittle hurry, ain't she?no, no. we're not in a hurry. no.- aren't we?- no. we're not. no.- really?- there it is again! bam!- okay, i'll tell you what, vivien...- moira.i will go ahead and sign off on the sale...- good.- ... for a slap.excuse me?i've always wanted to beslapped by vivien blake.it's true. we've role-playedit like a thousand times,but it's not the real thing.you'd like me to slap you?- yeah.- i don't think...well, don't think. just do it. slap me.- he wants you to slap him.- i won't.- slap him, moira.- go ahead and slap him.slap my husband, moira.- john, i won't!- slap him or i'll slap him.- slap me!- i won't.- slap me like a bitch!- sign the fucking contract!okay.um... this has been a lot of fun,but i'm starting to smell alittle too much like uh, campfire,and denim and plaid and stuff so... bye.your choices are beer or beer.i assume a pint glassis out of the question?you came! how was dinner?um... worse than this?although at this point it'ssort of a moving target.here hold this.so there are no guys for me here.but it was kind of nice to justlike to flex the old muscle.put your thumb over the tube.agh, i kind of wanna just go for it but...- but sometimes it doesn't work out, i guess.- yeah.- okay, put the tube in your mouth.- what? uh...yeah. just open your throat.and go down, 'cause you're tall.okay. david, how long areyou gonna be doing this?okay, just come and getme after you vomit, okay?just widen your throat!you!- chug!- chug! chug! chug! chug!chug! chug! chug! chug!chug! chug! chug! chug!chug! chug! chug! chug!chug! chug! chug! chug!are you ready?and that's the last one there! done!already.there you go, johnny, congratulations.thank you very much. thank you.just remember one thing, okay?this is my town and you'regonna play by my rules.comprende?i'm just messing with you, man!come on!- wow.- or am i?no. i am.- moira! shall we?- yeah.jocelyn, thank you foran unforgettable evening,i will be dining out on this for years.i'll send you the recipes.yes, jocelyn, words can't express.seriously, johnny, goodluck selling the town.- you sure gonna need it.- why's that?well, it took a whileto sell the first time.i mean, it was on themarket for like what 20 yearsbefore you bought it.20 years?yeah. i mean, most people justthought it was a waste of moneythat it would never sell, you know?who in their right mind would buy it!then along came you.john! did you know this townwas on the market for 20 yearsbefore we bought it?how would i know that?w... why would i know that?i didn't know that.but look, let's look at the bright side...there is no bright side.this is the dark side of the moon, johnny.and we'll be here another 20 years,tucked in a crater, lost to all.johnny well, you know what?i think that's being a little dramatic.yes! it's dramatic!sweetheart! we got the thing signed, okay?!and if we have to fix thistown up before we sell it,then we fix it up.we fix it up, bit by bit.and it's gonna take hardwork but we can do itbecause we're roses.- and there is nothing we can't do...- hi... hi...- you're being super loud right now.- i can hear you thought the headphones!so if you can just wrap it up in here.10 to a 5. thanks.i feel good about this. i really do.what the hell is this?the town sign.bag boy at the grocery store.which is what?40, 45-something and hour?"good riddance,"is what they said.are we having a bad day, honey?