hi, jocelyn.is everything okay?- yeah. why?- um, i love your pajama set.thank you.it's been a hectic morning,david, i'm not gonna lie.well, i lit a patchouli candle,so hopefully it'll... calm your chi.yeah, well, i didn't getmuch sleep last night.somebody decided to doa synchronized swimming routine at 2am.- oh no.- yeah, so long night.


and then followed bythe news that my sistercan't drive into townto host my baby shower!oh.something to do withher husband's heart.oh, well, hope it clears itself up.yeah, well, it won't.that's the problem.- well, you never know.- well, i do.which is why i ask you tothen point this pregnant ladytowards your party-theme section,because it seems as though iam throwing my own baby shower!sounds very dark.um, we actually don'thave a party section, so...- just a streamer, david, just...- okay, yeah.there's a basket on the otherside, i think. down below.


hmm.it's times like this i wishi had your eye for decoratingand party planning.roland's been trying to help me,offered off his movie posters, you know,but i just don't thinkthat "the pelican brief"is festive enough for a baby shower.well, i'd have to agree.yeah, well, if onlythere was someone like youwho could help me organize this.very kind of you to say.yeah, i mean, somebody like you, or you.who would just help me organize this,before i snap!well, i'm sure i could help you out.david! oh my goodness!are you sure?i don't want you to feellike you have to do this.are you sure about that?well, it is tonight,so i suppose you better uh, get to work!- tonight?- yes.okay, will the storebe promoted, at least,at this event?- absolutely!- and what is the venue?- my house!and are we married to that venue?- yes!- okay.thank you, david.what just happened?okay, so i was thinking asincentive for our singles,we could do like, alonely heart's special.so 50% discount for thosesingles dining alone.okay um,but wouldn't it make moresense to offer a discountfor people not dining alone?but it's singles weekthough, is the thing.right. um,but if the point of singlesweek is to get matched up,then why not offer a discountfor singles who eat... together?okay, i have a better idea.a 2-for-1 discount for 2singles eating together.that's it, that's the winner.yay!oh my god, alexis?oh my god, klaire!oh my... guys, i knowthis girl! babe! hi!oh my god, what are you doing here?- oh.- okay, so...me, albany, jitney, and candy,we just needed to get awayfrom the city for a bit,and so vice put out thisguide to the most random citiesin north america, and wewere like, lets him 'em.oh my god, that sounds so random.oh my god.this is where you live, isn't it?i'm so sorry i didn't put that together,it's like i completely forgot about you.oh my god, no, babe,please, it's like...- it's so good to see you.- i know.so like, it was two weeksstraight of work at the agency,so we just got in the car, and we drove.you know how it gets,it's like uh-uh-uh.- can i get you something?- stop.oh my god, i'm obsessed with your look.you look just like asmall-town waitress! beep!- thanks.- actually you know whati would love like a hot water,but if you could justlet it sit so it cools,i just need to knowthat it was once hot.sorry, i'm the worst.thank you.like nothing's reallychanged, am i right?- yeah.- ugh, okay, babe, sit down.tell me about you. like,what have you even been doing?- oh my god.- oh my god!like, so much.okay, love that, girl.tell me. tell me everything.um, okay, so i graduated high school.- uh huh.- got my certificate.um, i opened my own pr firm,and i'm actually organizingthis little event, so...okay. we really haveto get you outta here.what?you know what, youneed to join us tonight.we're gonna go to some randombar, for some random drinks.hmm. hundred percent.no but like, actually comethough, okay? i'm serious.i could use a distraction.albany literally makesme wanna kill myself.anyway, i should go.please tell me i'mgonna see you tonight.okay, here is yournot-so-hot water.sweetie, no, i didn't order that.- see you tonight, babe.- hm.see you tonight, babe.see you tonight, babe.hm. hm.albany, i was sitting there!well, it's good of youto come with me, john.well, not a problem, sweetheart.stevie was thrilled to be left lookingafter the motel with roland.of course your accompanying me todaywould have nothing to do withany concerns you may have,about me being left alone in a roomteeming with eligible bachelors?i have no concerns about you, moira,you can handle yourself.but if you ever unleashyour feminine wileson those bachelors, theywouldn't know what hit them.hmm.hi.thanks for coming. i'm ricki.- johnny, and this is...- moira.i'm the lead intimacyfacilitator here at madly,and i am so thrilledthat you would choose meas a consultant for your singles week.as are we, ricki.i'm sure you don't get agreat many auditors here,at the group but, we would justlove a little hand-held tourto see what it is you do.can i ask what madly stands for?mature adults dating lovers, yes!we pride ourselves on our ability to...stimulate soulful exchangesbetween all of our singles.and, i'm confident thatwe're going to be ableto find superlativematches for both of you.oh dear. oh!bit of a misunderstanding, here.we're-we're looking to observeyour event, for research.well, we could peek in on theexperience like group voyeurs,but it would be much moreeducational for both of youif you would let me immerse you in it.and what would thisimmersion process entail?today's activity iscalled "a lock and key".our ladies get the keys.our men get the locks.and then we spend an hour mingling,trying to find that perfect fit.well, lucky for us, this lockhas already found its key.you'd be surprised.would i?john?could be fun.and i know who i'll be leaving with.all right, let's give it a try!wonderful.i just have to ask, before the event,will you grant me access toyour most intimate sounds?no.but we'll play the game.okay, and could thatbe delivered by tonight?okay, perfect. all right,thank you very much.hi.- what's goin' on?well, um, jocelyn camein here this morninglooking like adamsandler on a red carpet.poor thing is planningher own baby shower,so i volunteered to help.wow. that's very generous of you.yeah, i thought it couldbe a good opportunityto promote the store.so, heather's supplying someof her cheeses, not at cost,but she's giving us a deal,and i thought we could bringsome wine from the store,and colleen's express-shippinga branzino, so.sounding a bit expensive, david.well, we haven't talked budget yet,but i'm assuming that jocelyn'swanting to spend some moneyon her baby shower.i'm assuming that jocelyn'splanning on spending no money- on her baby shower.- whadda ya mean?well, typically the personwho throws the shower,pays for the shower.well, that wasn't part of the agreement.well, what did you say to her?- i told her i'd take care of it.- ah!she basically forced me into it!this isn't even her first baby!oh, so it's more of a sprinkle, then.what the hell is a sprinkle?no, it's like a shower,but for your second kid.it's not a full shower,it's like a sprinkle.that is the stupidest (bleep)thing i have ever heard.uh, also booze and fish, notideal for a pregnant woman.yeah, well, she's one person,and everyone knows youdon't plan a whole partyaround one person.maybe you do, if the party is for her.says who?fine! worst case scenario,she grazes at the soft cheese station.are you sure that she can eat that?this is why i hate babies!klaire!oh my god, lex!are you like, stalking me, or something?- um, actually i, um...- oh my god, i'm kidding.but seriously, likewhat are you doing here?um, i'm just like crashing here.- oh.- temporarily, obviously.are um, are you guys staying here?oh my god! funny. no. no.we have airstreams up the road,but we saw this sign,and we thought it was so random.yeah.oh my god! i almost totally forgot!i have a job for you.- are you serious?- yeah.i just like, i can't talkabout it around albany,because she needs toget fired first, so...... basically the job isyours, if you want it.it's a junior pr position,but you could totally climb the ladder.look, take your time, justlet me know by tomorrow.by tomorrow?hm, yeah, we're gonnaget a super early start,so make sure you find me before 2 pm.oh wow, okay. it's justlike, all happening so fast,'cause i'd have to like,pack, and find a place to stay.oh my god, don't even worry about that.you can totally stay at my dad's place.he hasn't lived there for like 15 years.i think he started anew family, or something.- oh.- so it would be you,and my dad's ex-wife.but don't worry about her,she's two years younger than- us, and like super chill.- okay.anyway, i'm gonna callit on this instasesh,but i'll let you knowwhat bar we hit up tonight.okay, actually, there's only one.oh, well that's great,because i feel like all ido every night is just arguewith albany about where to go.like the poor thing doesn'tunderstand that like,literally, no one even wantedher here in the first place.- ooh.- i can't wait to fire her.i'm her best friend.- okay, here's my card.- yes.let me know about the job.okay, yes. that sounds like... chillin'.- i will definitely uh, let you know!- okay.hey, pack your bags,bitch! you're getting' out!it's funny, because beforemy dear gloria passed,she told me her dyingwish was for me to move on.ah, did she?i know you're gonna findthis hard to believe,but she predicted thati would meet a womanwith shoulder-length blondehair, and red lipstick.- telepathic, was she?- and tremendously specific!if i may leave you with a bit of advice,i would wait until muchlater in the relationshipbefore mentioning any of the thingsyou just mentioned to me. okay?uh, wait, you haven'teven tried your key.uh, it won't fit.now, ask me when thelast time the motel sold out,before i showed up?never! zero! didn't happen.must take a special touch.well, call it what you will, charlene.maybe i'll spend the night sometime.at the motel, i mean.oh, oh, oh.moira!you should really keeplooking for your perfect match.for research. or love.mhmm.tomorrow, more sunshine...welcome, boys!i can't thank you enoughfor jumping in like this!oh, it's our pleasure.okay, um, so what's going on here?i thought i would what i couldto get a jumpstart on the decorations.here's the thing, jocelyn,when you asked me to throw this event,you were essentially handingover creative control.considering our name isgonna be all over this,i think it's important tostreamline the aestheticdirection we're taking for tonight.okay, well i guess i couldmove some of the balloons?that could be good.yeah, we could move those.maybe to the garbage?we're also gonna need todrop-cloth the interiors.okay, guys!where do you want me to hang the pinata?i'm sorry, is thatsupposed to be a baby?yeah, it's pretty realistic, isn't it?i got it at the dollar store in elmdale.i didn't even have to pay for it, honey.they just gave it to me.yeah, don't think we can smash a baby- with a stick tonight, but...- it's not a real baby, dave.the fact that you gotit from the dollar storedoes make me wary of what'sgonna fall out of it, though?don't worry, rolly,we're still gonna play the diaper game.ah, good!hi! what's the diaper game?oh my gosh, it is so fun!we played it at mutt's baby shower!basically, you meltdifferent chocolate barsinto different diapers,and then people take turns guessing...gonna stop you right there.i will literally do anythingfor us to not play that game.well, i'm getting nervous,because we're gonna needsome sort of entertainment, david.well then, i willcome up with some gamesthat don't involve sniffing a diaper.- you don't just sniff it.- no. you don't.oh my god.hey, jocelyn, why don'tyou, why don't you get ready,get changed, and we'lltake good care of the place.i am ready.and you look great, so,do you wanna have a seat?relax? mm hmm.okay, is this vase movable?uh, no, that there isgrandpa's ashes, and no,you cannot move it, it's bolted down.there's been a lot of urn thefts lately.i'll tell ya what, iwill get my ratchet,and see what i can do forya, okay? you hold baby.- all right.- go ahead.was this a mistake?oh, probably, but you know,we're here now, you know.yup.where do i put this (bleep) thing?no?hello.and just when i thoughti'd tried every lock.- you are?- rene.i work in ad salesand can drive at night.ah.i know that sounds likean odd thing to mention,but it does separate me from the crowd.pardonnez-moi, senor rene.okay, moira, let's go.charlene's getting a little tipsy,and things are starting to turn.hm, well i just have onemore lock to try, john, so...rene, i'll be gentle.oh, look at that!it seems to be jammed. can you, rene?sure.okay, moira, i think we're done here.have we finally found our match?yes, we have, but here,locks sadly are defective.you're um... getting a bit of neck burn.oh.well, i didn't haveany problem with mine.often times in these situations,i ask a participant to go within,and to reflect why she mightbe having trouble connecting.connecting is my livelihood.no, it's these discount locks.i've tried every other one.ooh!you know what, john?you're right, we should go.jocelyn has that bebe thing.rene, pleasure as always.you know, i have to say,i had a lot of apprehensionwhen i came here.- let's not dally, dear.- what's that? here you go.rene, shirley needs a ride home.can you still drive at night?sure._hey, i'm heading out!hmm.okay, now this gameis called sleepy mommy.jocelyn's sitting on thecouch, she's our sleepy mommy.now mommy's had a veryhard day with baby,and needs a bit of a break.and that's where we come in.we're each gonna take turnspopping pills into mommy's mouth.now unfortunately,these are breath mints,we couldn't afford actual benzo's,but the person thatdoes get the most tranqsinto mommy's mouth, will walk awaywith whatever's left ofthe soft cheese station.- i'll go!- okay.boy, these have a bitmore weight to themthan the usual pills.well, you know, johnny, thatweight might actually workin your favour if youtake into considerationthe humidity in here.wow, well, thank you, roland.okay, just relax. there.oh! all: oh!david, why does this gamefeel vaguely familiar?you invented it.we played it a lot growing up.oh!i can't remember playing.that's because we got very good at it.i remember alexis got on infrom across the room once.oh!i've gotta hand it to ya, david,it's a little unconventional,but people seem to begettin' really into this.hey, dave?do i get an extra point if ican bounce one of her forehead?yeah, we need some clarityon the point system, david,because i've landedthree in jocelyn's bangs,and that's gotta count for something.- or nothing.- ugh.- okay. that's not fair.- okay. on three,try this together,1, 2, 3.oh! yeah!so like, she's telling methat she's going to mexico,and i'm like, if you'renot going to tulum,then like where thehell are you even going?- you know what i'm saying?- so where is she going?- ugh, god. cabo.- oh my god, poor thing.i know, right?like, what does she wanna gosmoke a blunt with pitbull?ugh, probably not.um, anyway, can i talkto you for a sec, klaire?oh yeah, sure.wassup?- okay, so i've been thinking about it.- hmm.and as much as i appreciate the offer,... um, i think forthe next little while,i should just stay here.i'm sorry, reset. whatare we talking about?um, the job that you offeredat your dad's friend's company?- the junior publicist?- oh.i just don't think thati can leave here yet.oh, yeah, sure, you do yourbit. i'm always here for you.sorry, i was like, whatare we even talking about.so like, albany just putdown her dad's black card,so shots on him. it'sthe least that she can dobecause she didn't comethrough with the party favors.breaking news, westill (bleep) hate her.anyway, do you want a shot or not?it's albany's birthday.um, i don't think that i can.i have this other thingthat i need to go to.okay, yeah, cool. hey, welltext me later. all right?we can totally ditch this thingand we don't have to tell albany,if that's what's holding you back?- will do.- okay.oh and lex, it was so good to see you.really, it's been too long.we can't let this happen again.it won't.why do you guys havedrinks, and i don't? hmm?