oh johnny, iwish you had told usit was uh, movie day.stevie and i could've come upwith some good recommendations for you.what are we gonna watch,a silent movie from your childhood?it's not movie day, roland.we're watching an instructional videoon professional workplace etiquette,and it's clear fromthe stain on your topthat things have gotten justa little lax around here.


i made this at rose video a while back,but uh, i think you'll findit holds up pretty well.employeehealth and safety series.where is it? let's see.oh wow, this looks like the videosjoce and i used to make.just focus on the content, roland."q, r, s," ah!there it is.here, let me help you with that.excuse me, emilio!pause.that kind of physicaltouch is inapprop-ri-rate.let's rewind, and try again.


and now they're gonna comeand do it again!where is it? let's see."q, r, s," oh!there it is.here, let me help you with that.is this what you were looking for?a double-cassette ofthe "best body swapsof sunrise bay", season 21?yes, thank you.i've been asked toretrieve it for a customerwith wonderful taste.i value you as a fellow employee.perhaps you'd like tomeet outside of workfor a dinner at my place?fast forward!- oh!- jesus.well, it's somewhat dated, but uh...i think the principles of etiquetteare still applicable today.hm. pretty timeless. yeah.no, i'm not gonna bethe one to tell her.tell me what?no, it's not about you, moira.well, is it about twylaneeding to pick up the pace- on that solo?- what?no, it's about thepoison concert tonightbeing canceled at the casino.and that's a problem because?jocelyn's been lookingforward to it for weeks.this is her one night out.not to worry. if she'sanything like i waswith a little moppet in the house,she'll find any ruse toescape for an evening.the poison concert was merely a device.uh oh, ladies!somebody better call poison control,because tonight's gonna be...♪ nothin' but a good time! ♪yeah, i'm not gonna bethe one to... oh, okay.jocelyn, you might want to take a seat.oh no, there's no time for that.no, no, we have torehearse our poison medley.because when rikki rockettmakes direct eye contactwith you during "talk dirty to me",you are gonna want to talk dirty back!oh gals, this is getting painful.jocelyn, wonderful news!they've refunded the priceof your ticket for tonight's concert.what? but i don't want a refund.no, the show got pushed.looks like they double-bookedpoison with the doodlebops.and the casino just sent out an apology.well, what are we supposed to do now?!i didn't pump for four hours straightto get on a chartered busto go to the end of the street and back!we could go to the cafe.oh! well, do they have asmoke machine at the cafe?!no, but i can ask george toburn something on the grill.this is just sad.why can't we still go to the casino?if i'm holding the truth stick,i was never planning toattend the concert anyway.i never pegged you for agambling kind of gal, moira.oh, i'm not above anaughty night of debauchery.when condi rice, and sharon stone and i,used to make our annual casino sojournto ho chi minh city,well, let's just say,toi khong bao gio thua.okay, but it's been a really long timesince i've spun that roulette wheel.and this is the only casinoi haven't been banned fromas an unaccompanied minor.well, do we still have a reservationat bucky's fried chicken house?yes, but i wouldn't let that stop us!so you justplug in the information,and then it creates the website for you.so what exactly am ipaying you for, then?i'm your brand consultant, david.i'm consulting with youon which template to use.sorry, i'm just distracted,there's a guy over therecurrently flirting with my boyfriend.- poor thing.- i know.no, i meant you, david.oh hi, are you findingeverything you're looking for?um, actually, i was wonderingif i could have a pen and paper?hm, you planning ondoing some journaling?hmm.- there you go.- thank you.um... score, patrick!look at you, just drowning inother people's phone numbers.who was that hunk with theteeny-weeny little polo?- his name is ken.- ken!just when i thought it was impossibleto find a thirty-something named ken!oh, i think he looked younger than 30.get fucked alexis!what exactly did ken do with my pen?did he write down a banana bread recipe?or was he looking fordirections to some place?- this is his phone number.- yes, it is.yeah. look at you go.- mhmm.- and he like...gave it to you in front of david,so clearly no threat there.hey alexis, find a stick...can i at just enjoy this for a second?of course, yeah! enjoy ken.i mean, i think it'sfunny 'cause when he firstwalked in here i was gonna help him,so to think it could'vebeen me enjoying ken.yeah, i don't think so.- yeah, i think he liked me.- this is fun!it's the great thing aboutowning a store, really,is getting to flirt with the customers.you know, just last week,a woman came in and gave me her number.do you mean the woman who wanted to knowwhen the soap would be back in stock?who came in here withher husband and kids?hasn't stopped me before.but thank you for remindingme, i have to call her,the soap did come back in.i'm just gonna...put that right there.mhmm.stevie?just a minute!oh, i was talking to rolandabout the latticework,and we figure if we uh,put the vines right up- the side of the motel... oh!- oh! oh!oh my god, mr. rose! oh!okay. no, no, no, that's okay.i'm sorry.- i said just a minute!- yeah. yeah.no, i-i was coming back to you,because i-i figured, you know,you'd be busy back there. i was busy!- taking a personal photo...- right, right.for my doctor.right, well, it was, itwas a medical uh, photo,and, and uh... and you what?you text or email thisright back to your doctor,i mean, what a-what an age we live in!i thought you were running errands!i was, i was, and-and uh...i was at the nursery, there were no carsabsolutely on the way home, and uh,so it was clear sailing,and that's what i wasgonna tell you when i...- until i...- okay!i am kind of seeing somebody,and it's like, along-distance thing, so i...yeah, okay, i'm gonna stop,i'm gonna stop you right there.i wish we had gotten to the second tapein the workplace etiquette series,that had a whole chunk on polaroids.- oh my god!- um, stevie, look, look!all i saw was a businesspartner communicatingwith a friend, that's all.although you've just explainedthat it was a more intimate relationshipwith this uh, chap.but uh, congratulations, by the way.if-if uh, you know.i think i need to takea walk around the block.- mhmm?- so, like, a couple of thousand times.okay, that's a goodidea. yeah, sure, sure.take a walk. and uh, you know,uh, get some, get some fresh air,and you know, clear your head.and if you feel the needto finish that communicationby the way, with your friend,just uh, maybe try and finda room with a locked door?but everything's okay stevie,don't worry about that.we're...- i waited 35 minutes!- oh, don't start.oh, please, save yourapplause for jocelyn,who's right behind me.you know what? i was goingto change and then i thought,no, if my babysitter canshow up wearing a crop topthe size of a bib, i canwear this to a casino!jocelyn, you look amazing.yes, why not throw cautionand the dress code to the wind?i'm sure the maître d' atbucky's will make an exception!let's get goin'!if the bus is a-rockin',don't come a-knockin'!wooo! yeah!i've come preparedwith casino must-haves:oxygen drops, antibacterial wipes,and military-grade caffeine pills.the pills came from condi,so if anyone asks, youfound them on the floor.mrs. rose, when you saidyou were bringing essentials,i thought you meant snacks,and something to drink.no.- well, nothing for the road?- don't worry ladies,i've got you covered, thisafternoon i made some...magic brownies!thc and carbohydrates.oh moira, we don'texpect you to have one.one? at least one.okay...who wants some zhampagne?yeah! wooo!so, whatever happenedto that phone number?uh, it might still be in my pocket. why?hm. just keeping it close?well, i haven't thrown it out yet.what are you doing?! i'mobviously not gonna use it.why not?uh, because i'm in acommitted relationship.i know that.- i think you should call him.- what?!skin-tight clothes aside,do you find ken attractive?i mean, sure.then i think you should call him!david!consider it a selfish act on my part.you have only been with me.and rachel, and like, ahandful of other girls.okay, we've all been witha handful of other girls.- but i'm the only guy.- so?so inevitably there might come a pointwhere you find yourself curiousabout being with other people.so why not explore that now,so that we don't haveto have this conversationfive years down the line.oh, so you think we're gonnabe together 5-years from now?i think a cute boy gave you his number,and you should go fordinner, and run free.best case scenario,you realize how goodyou have it with me.worst case scenario,you realize how goodyou have it with me.fun!okay, mr. rose?uh, i've thought a lotabout what happened,uh, maybe a little toomuch about what happened.and i think for thesake of the business,that we should justput it all behind us.- okay, good.- good.thank you, stevie.what happened?mr. rose saw me topless.- oh! oh!- no! no!i... i didn't completely see anything,but i got the gist ofwhat you were doing.i didn't know anyone was here!oh johnny,i don't think the woman inthat video would approve.the woman on the video is moira,and no, she would notapprove! i would not approve!it was an accident.trust me, it will never happen again.understood.i really don't know whatto say to the two of you.well, you don't haveto say anything, roland.less is more in a...situation like this.well, i did just think of one thing.- please don't!- it's more of a limerick.all right, enough, roland.thank you, we're going to move on now.stevie, room three needs a change over.i would be happy to leave and do that.thanks.whoa!aah! stevie! your friend just responded!- oh my god, gimme that!- hmm.oh my...uh, i'll be taking therest of the day off.okay.yeah...i'd say her friend responded.hey, can yougive me a ride to ted's?it's basically on the way to patrick's.it's in the opposite direction,and i'm not going to patrick's tonight.why?because we don't have plans tonight.- he has plans with someone else.- who?okay, can you utilize like,a little bit more ofthe english language?if you must know,i sent patrick off tohave dinner with that guywho gave him his number today.that hot piece from the store?why would you do that?because i think it's funny,and i also think it's importantfor patrick to experienceother people in order to realizehow good he has it with me.what if he doesn't cometo that realization?every time i did that with a boyfriend,i'd send them off with someonewho like, wasn't a threat.like, pippa middleton, or rihanna.okay, well, i hardlythink ken is a threat.mm, tell that to hismillion dollar smile, david.- okay.- so what are the grs?- the what?- the ground rules.what ground rules did you lay downbefore you sent him offwith that hottie-boom-bottie?okay, i haven't sent himoff with ground rules,because this is a one-night thing.did you say that?no.so at this point he could like,spend the night, double-dip,- kiss on the lips!- i don't know!okay, this is why youhave ground rules, david!josh groban has a thick,leather-bound binderfull of them.patrick didn't even wanna do this.i basically forced him into it.is it too late for any amendments?i thought this was a good idea,and now you're making mefeel like i made a mistake.okay, you haven't made ahuge mistake yet, david,we probably won't find outabout that until tomorrow.okay, i have never beenin this position before,usually i'm the one finding outi'm in an openrelationship after the fact,and now you're making mefeel like i've just shippedmy boyfriend off to fallin love with someone else!ugh! i was supposed to goto dinner with ted, david!then go for dinner with ted!well, now i feel like ishould be here for you!why?let's just hope we don't find out.what?!ugh...are we up yet?it's either black or red, even or odd.and you never knowwhere you're gonna land.i'm sorry, jocelyn?if you'd've told me 20 years agoi'd be standing herewith an empty chip bucket,stoned out of my mindat a doodlebops concert,i would've lit amenthol, and had a laugh.you went to that show?i stepped in briefly,roland jr.'s a hugefan of "wobbly whoopsy."moira, you may not believe this,but i used to rock out.well, of course you did,as did anyone with brain cells to kill.i'm thinking of aparticular night in monacowith maggie trudeauand the rolling stones.you rocked with the stones?all except charlie, butevery party has a pooper.moira, it's like,on the inside i feellike i'm 19-years-old,and then i catch a glimpseof myself in the mirror,and realize that i'm so not.oh jocelyn, you'll soonlearn that we aging mortalsare blessed withweakening eyes and memoriesso we don't have toreally see ourselves.if you love the number 19, you go be 19.and while you're at it, bet on it.i can't take all of these!it only looks like a lot.do as you will. jocelyn,but whatever you do,rock onwards and upwards!mhmm!yeah!- ah, stevie.- oh my god!i forgot my bag,and i thought you might havegone home for the night, so...oh no, i was justabout to leave, but uh,i'm glad i caught you.can we pretend today didn't happen?oh, consider it erased.thank you.although, i did wannasay just one thing,if i could put my friendcap on for a minute.i'm glad things are working outwith you and your gentleman friend.and i'm just piecingthings together here.thank you, mr. rose.i hope he makes you happy, stevie,and that's all that matters to me.and from this point forward,i am staying out of it.we never have to talk about this again.okay.remember emir?the guy who came to review the motel?the one who asked you to lunch?yes, that would be him.oh! well, he seems like a nice guy.- yeah.- good job.good taste in motels.and clearly he likes you a lot.and i'm not saying thatjust because of the photo.oh my god, mr. rose!- okay, rewind, please.- see you tomorrow!yeah, okay, see you tomorrow, stevie.does anyone want more bucky's?no! who knew everythingwould contain chicken?oh, that dessert menu wasespecially disappointing."black forest tenders."jocelyn's still not answering her phone.well, somebody ought to go look for her!tah-dah!oh, jocelyn, is that you?yes! i took your advice, moira.and what advice was that?!yes, jocelyn, what advice did i impartthat translated intothis daring new coiffure?that i can still rock on!your chips bought this!and you certainly riskedit all, didn't you?yeah!i'm ready to go home.okay.wow, jocelyn.it must feel so light and breezy.mhmm!ha ha! yeah.yes, i love it, too.i know. thank you.thank you.do you recognize me from earlier?i have a new hairdo!hey ted, i'll be there soon,but i just can't leavedavid alone right now.yeah, no, apparently theyleft for dinner at seven.radio silence.nothing, not a word.anyway, i will be theresoon, and i love you so much.okay...oh my god, imagine?muah! muah!this is not how iwanted to spend my night.me neither.and david, i know what you're thinking,they're probably back at his house,listening to frank ocean,laughing, and re-hydrating.yeah, the more i think about this,the more i realize it was way too earlyto have introduced thisinto the relationship.i mean, i thought i was being mature,but in actuality, itwas just a classic caseof self-sabotage.chill, david.hey!yes, those are all valid points,but this is a moment of growth for you.was it flawlessly executed? no.would i have done it?hell no.okay, if this is intended to be helpful,- you can leave now.- but what i was gonna say is,if a cute guy that walks into your storeis enough to unravelyour whole relationship,you're better off knowing that now,than in a year from now.do i want to hear about it?i couldn't do it.oh. come in.i don't want to date ken!i don't think i ever said "date".was it the lack of ground rules?- hi. david...- mhmm?i love you, and i really appreciatewhat you were trying to do for me,but i feel no need to meetup with other guys right now.okay, i mean...if that's what youwant, then i guess i'm...i'm fine with it, imean, i'm easy either way.oh.also, this is gonna sound totally petty,but something about his shoesjust made me feel really weird,'cause they were like,long and pointy, but then...- squared off at the toe.- yes!yeah. yeah, yeah, yeah,i know. i know, it's okay.it's okay.okay, this is a really long hug now.just need one more minute, mhmm.we all still like it, right?i think it really bringsout my eyes, right, gals?sure.it's not like we think it's a mistake,or we regret it, right?oh, you never regreta good time, jocelyn.thank you, moira.you'd tell me the truth, i know.it's really short.♪ every rose has its thorn ♪