- no, no, no! no, no, no!- no! noooo!- what?- my bag! it's gone!- what bag?- my brown bag!- what brown bag?you had a room full ofbrown bags back home,which brown bag?!my crocodile bag, theone my mother gave me!oh, it's in the closet,next to my briefcase.that's an ostrich bag.okay, just calm down, breathe, breathe.breathe... breathe!


okay... david!david must've taken it, alongwith my last molecule of hope!oh moira, david only took his own bags.are you kidding?! i bethe's pawned it by now,to pay for manicures.what possible sense would it make for davidto take one of your bags?it doesn't... oh towels, great.mrs. rose, you got out of bed.humph!sorry, am i interrupting something?no, no, we're just, we're looking forsomething valuable, and um...- your son?- well, no,


a brown bag, as a matter of fact.well... our son, yes.has anyone heard from david?oh, to be so naive!he's long gone, darling,escaped, and left us all behind.okay, well uh...i've put in some calls to some people,just to get the word out.well, that's very nice.that's, very nice stevie,thank you very much.that's, very considerate,because i know you and david had a...intimate uh, relationship.okay, i just came to drop off the towels,and check in, so.is that stevie?can you ask her if shehas any extra bedspreads?i'm still here!oh! okay, then comehere then, please, for a sec?yeah, um, come in.hey, does this place haveany king sized sheets?alexis, what the hell are you doing?!just giving myself some more space.there's a lot going onin my life right now.like, ted keeps harassing me for an answerto the whole, am i gonna marry him thing,and then there's the whole mutt issue,which is very complicated, and sexy,so i'm just, i don't know what to do.i take it you haven't heard from david.okay, yeah, fine.and david's missing. so...-- synced by the_foe ---- (dla boby) --yeah, well, he's missing.well, i can't find him, sowhat would you say he is?okay, you know what? you know what?!i don't think your motherwould appreciate youspeaking to me in that way!well, i'm-i'm sorry for your loss.oh! what'd they say!nothing, and i'm getting nervous, moira.don't worry, he's fine.it's not the first time david's run away,remember all those troubledyears in high school,when he'd charter thejet without permission?yes, but he has no money.oh, he does now.if there's one thing david knows,it's the street value of a woman's bag.okay, you know what, can westop talking about that bagfor five minutes, thebag, the bag, and the bag!john, it's an heirloom, mygreat grandmother took itfrom her husband when she left him,and it has been passeddown through all the womenin my family, as emergency currency,in case we need to leave our husbandsin the middle of the night.oh, well, that's reassuring.you don't have to worry darling,i'll never need it.but you know alexis will!yeah, more than once, probably.i love that bag.and i've kept it safe all these years.and now john, it's out there,- frightened, and alone...- okay, okay.we'll find it, we'll find your bag.- we'll find your bag, moira.- oh, we better, please!- yes, we will.- please!hey, uh, i really shouldn't come in.actually, you're standingin my living room,- you let yourself in.- yeah, no, i know.um, so, about the other night...- uh huh.- oh! mm!that night. um... that was super fun.i'd say it was the most fun i had all year.yeah, it was super fun.actually, i wouldn't mindhaving a little more fun,- right now.- okay...and i love hearing you say that.it's just that, when we got together,um, i thought my family was leaving.- uh huh.- and now we're not. so...i would love to feelworse about your parentsnot selling the town, but...hmm, it's just, it's so tragic,'cause my mom is in this like, waking coma,and my dad has developed more of a stutter,and uh, because we're not leaving,things are a little bitcomplicated with ted.i thought things were done with ted.me too.but apparently, he was misinformed.- by who?- by me.okay.until that whole thingkinda works itself out,i have a moral obligation to ted.you hands are so...soft for someone who doesnothing but manual labor.thanks, i make sure to moisturize.mm, that's so important. so important.listen... i can wait.thank you.- uh huh.- so um...so, you look really good today.oh, hello, roses.what, are you here to tellme alexis has skipped townwith my lawn mower?!roland, these people haveliterally hit rock bottom,they're not in the moodfor your jokes right now.she is.look, i've been on the phone all morningwith missing persons, and just wonderingif you've heard anything?no. come in, come on in.i can't imagine thestress of losing a child.oh, i haven't lost him, iknow exactly where he is.he's enjoying happy hourat the viceroy without me.it's been three days without any contact.johnny, you wouldn't know this,but statistics tell usyou have a 48 hour windowbefore you can assume somebody is dead.yeah, i just said it's been three days.then do we call off the search?oh my god!i'll get it.roland schitt.yes.yes!yes!oh-oh. okay.uh-huh, yeah.i'm good, how about you?terrific. great, where?uh-huh.uhhhh-huh!i got it, great, we'll seeyou there this afternoon.bye. well, good news, folks!they found the truck.and david.- well, that didn't come up.- well, didn't you ask?johnny, they were allexcited about telling methey found the truck, so...- call him back!- call him back. now!call him back!well, ii don't have the number,i've got the address.i'm sure david is withthe truck, right, roland?well, i think they would've told me ifthere's a dead body with the truck, honey.- oh!- just give us the address!give me the address!- did they mention bags?- well, no talk of bags.were there bags in the truck?my best friend in kindergarten ran away,and her parents didn't notice,and she ended up gettingadopted by this really richasian family in vancouver,but then they had their own kid,so she kind of got neglected a bit,and i can't remember whether she's backon the streets now, or...you know, and he tookhis hair straightener,which he knows that iuse more than he does.this whole thing is just very selfish.alexis!ted! oh my god, hi.- hey.- hey.um... i've been calling.i know, i know. buteverything's just been so hectic,what with david missing,and like, i haven't been sleeping,and i haven't been eating, and...you just ordered the parfait.and i just keep picturinghim at the bottom of a lake.oh, no, that guy waslike, a known alcoholic,and they pulled him out a week ago.thank god you're here!of course, i've been tryingto be here more for you,but i guess my textshaven't been getting through,or maybe i'm sending them wrong?that's so sweet.uh, here.listen.i don't want to apply any pressureto the whole marriage thing, but...thank you, ted, 'causeit's so hard to focuson something like that right now.and i totally understand that.it's just... you had said that you wantedto get married if you weren't leaving town,and you didn't leave town, so...mm-hmm,mm-hmm.and i totally get that.technically though, someone did leave,and so the dust just hasn't really settledon the whole... us leaving thing.- yet.- right.but obviously i want to be with you!i'm just so scared.what, about david, or about being with...yeah, that.all we know is the truck ranout of gas on an amish farm.so david has been living onan amish farm for three days?we think so.i really hope you're right.stevie dear,now don't take this the wrong way,but, is this car your home?excuse me?i take it you're finishedwith this sandwich.yeah. yeah, thanks.oh yeah! um, but there'sdonuts under the seat,those are still good.oh.okay.alexis, we think we found your brother!come on!i'm just super tired from walking, though.babe, you're tired becauseyou were stressed about david,but they found him, you should go.alexis!i know!this is exactly what david wants.all of us worried, and driving aroundin some tin can looking for him.it's a tactic. it's subterfuge.oh, you could be jumpingto conclusions, moira.i taught him everything he knows.he shouldn't have left me behind,that was never part of the plan.oh my god, ever since david left,you two have been so dramatic.do i have to remind you of the timethat i was taken hostageon david geffen's yachtby somali pirates for a week,and nobody answered my texts?!i had just had my eyelashes dyed,everything was cloudy!okay, can we all focus here? for a moment?!david has spent the lastthree days on a farm.with the amish!ugh!oh!thank god.david!david!david, i'm here!david, it's us!i know!david, come here, please!stop yelling, "david!" you come here!we've come to take you home!three days later!nobody knew where you were!and your phone was off!i texted alexis!wha? i'm sorry for not responding to like,one text, david!i was worried sick, dear!"where's david, or his bags?"- david?- what?!- okay, you remember mutt?- yeah!okay, it's gotten more complicated!what happened?- we slept together!- ooh...okay alexis, we can talkabout this on the ride home.david, let us help you with your bags!what if i'm not ready to come home?!- there's a bug on your dress.- ew!ugh! oh!miriam makes the most delicious butter.yeah, i mean, she startspounding that creamabout a half hour too early in the morning,but it tastes exactlylike the butter we hadat the ritz in paris,you know, that sort of...salt-less butter.well, once again, thankyou for nurturing our davidduring such a difficult time.well, we should be thanking you for coming.we've spent two sleepless nights,wondering what would happen if nobody came.would we be stuck with him?!oh, my baby! thank you, thank you!i would give you a gratuity, but...i'm short about a million this week.david's stay here has taughtus some valuable lessons- in patience, forgiveness...- restraint.well it seems you've taken verygood care of our possessions,i hope it wasn't too much of an imposition.you know, i'm not sure i'meven ready to come home yet.and yet your time withus has come to an end.okay.these three days you spent with us david,will remain in our memories for many days,and many, many, many nights.thank you for your kindness,when no one else showed me kindness.and compassion, when no one else showed...excuse me son, uh...i imagine it's customaryfor strangers to partakein a good, old fashioned amish lunch?not always.have a safe trip.oh! okay.thank you. thanks.yeah, thank-thank you.where are we?do you know how many timesi've had to apologize to roland?you can't just leave withother people's trucks, david!what were you thinking?what you did was impulsive,capricious and melodramatic.but it was also wrong.okay, nobody freaked outwhen alexis went missing!i didn't go missing, david.the fbi knew where i was the entire time.all right listen, the important thing is,we have david back,we have your bag back, andhere we are, all together.what bag?you stole my bag, david.that bag?that bag looks like it hasn'tbeen used in a hundred years,so i put my toiletries in it.why would you think thati would steal that bag?i don't know david, whydid you steal my eyeliner?that was a phase in high school!now, did you come for me,or did you come for that bag?- this was my grandmother's bag!- we came for you!i hitchhiked, in the middle of the night,wearing all black!i was basically asking to get hit by a car!why?you told me that dianesawyer gave you that bag,and that it was fake.i didn't want you taking it.okay, because i have told a lot of peoplethat diane sawyer sellsfake bags on the down-low.i slept in the cab of a truck! overnight!oh my god, who hasn't, david!hmm.- hi.- what can i...- how are-yeah.- what?um... i come bearing gifts.oh, how generous of you.i think your car mightneed a bit of a clean.is that a dead squirrel on your hood?they said that you havebeen calling around,asking for me, which ithought was very nice of you.oh, well, i didn't.hmm, well, they said that you were.well, they were mistaken.oh, okay.in fact, i was hopingyou wouldn't come back.wow, believe it or not,that is one of the warmestwelcomes i have received so far!usually when you tell someonethat you have feelings for them,and the next thing theydo is drive out of townwith no plan to return,you hope you never have to see them again.well, in my defense, um...i was intending on stayingaway for much longer,but i ran out of money,and forgot my phone charger.oh, well, at least youwere well intentioned.it's not like i didn'tthink about what you said.um, after we spoke,i thought, well, there goes my one friend.try saying that one outloud, it is very dark.well...we will just have to workthrough this, won't we?uh-huh. yes.yeah, um, if that's what you-if that's what you want, then yes,i would like that very much.so um, i guess just tell mewhat you would like me to do,and i will do it.okay, well, let's startby you leaving my office,and we'll see where that takes us.mm-hmm. well, i'll just...i'm gonna leave your office.i'm gonna leave your- i'm gonna leave your office.so um...best wishes to you.warmest regards.okay, you're sayingthis was circulated around town?this was before my nose job,how was anyone supposed to recognize me?oh david, it's a rare giftto strip vanity of its charm,- yet here you are.- yeah!oh, fuhhh...hello, roses!oh, can this not wait 'tilafter breakfast, please?well, this will only take a second.david!i'm so glad to see you backhome, all safe and sound.thanks.hmm. and i don't want you to worry,i'm not gonna press charges, okay?next time, someone will think twicebefore they steal my truck, yes?ooh, burn, david!shhh!david, don't you um,have anything you wanna say to roland?uh... !uh, i'm sorry for takingyour truck without permission.um...it was a bad mistake,and it won't happen again.oh my god, um...and i feel really bad about it.but do you, david?all right, all right, all right,i accept your apology.thank you.- yeah!- okay, now let's talk about gas.i'm thinking thirty cents on the mile.i think we're done here, roland!- okay... i'm taking your juice.- david!