schitt's creek - s03e12"friends and family"oh, moira, kids...this is so unnecessary.what is it?it's a gift from us to your father.okay. yeah, i rather notattach my name to a giftthat i had no hand in selecting.oh, god.oh my god.where did you find this, honey?well, moira told me it wasdown at the post office,- so i...- i was talking to my wife.


the van housens foundit in their storage roomand thought that we should have it.who's the lady in the back?it's moira.flattering.it's a family portrait, roland.oh... you...- you all look like cartoons.- wow.it's so weird, i don't evenremember posing for this.because you didn't.you were in rehab when we sat for this.i wasn't in rehab,i was at rehab visiting stavros.oh, that's right.


we had your face paintedon the body of my assistant.hm. that's why you look so good.well, i love it.let's get this inside.- david.- huh? what?20 bucks, i'll giveyou a hand taking it in.- oh yeah. david.- what?!- 30 bucks and i'll help you in with it.- mm, right. david!i don't know what! what? what? what?what do you want?40 buck and i'll help you in with in.i can keep going up.can play this game all day, pal.corrections by petag~sync by bobalover~i can't tell if this roomis just very, very small,or if the portrait is very, very big.well, i think it's quitepossible both are true.do you think the vanhousens had it enlarged?no, th-this is the actual size.remember, reiner wantedto paint it twice as big.oh, look at it, john.well, don't worry, we'll...we'll find a place for it.ah, you know, we can...take things off a wall, or... mm...rearrange some furniture.maybe move some wigs.oh john, i know how nostalgicyou still get for the old days,and i just wanted to dosomething thoughtful for you.oh, moira, this portrait is a wonderfulreminder of your generous spiritand the...enormous strength of this family.aw..._um, is that your juice?ah, no. technically,i think it's our juice,ah, because you justtook it from the fridgeand didn't pay for it so...mm-hm. um...it's just that i don't normallyshare beverages with people.really. that is shocking news.yeah. yeah. fortunately, um, youlook like you have a clean mouth so...sorry. a clean mouth?yeah. some people havenice, clean mouths,- and some people have sloppy mouths.- i see.so, hey, i was thinking aboutour, ah, our launch party,and i think we shouldtake out like a full pagein the local news, and just make it a...make it a thing, you know.mm... um...well, do you not thinkpeople are gonna show?no, no. i do. i just think ifwe're going big, let's go big.yeah. 'cause um, 'cause i was thinkingwhat if we did like a soft launch.um, and you know, just test thestore out on a small group of people.did like an exclusive vipguest list, and offered,you know, a friends andfamily discount as incentive.ha, now it's sounding like youdon't think people will show.no, i do.i do think, um, that people will come.it's just, you know, i look to like...gwyneth who soft-launchedthe 'goop' newsletterand now it's a thriving lifestylepublication slash empire, and...i have no idea what you'retalking about, but it's up to you.ah, either way you do needto call the electricianto hang these lights that weresupposed to be up a week ago.yeah. yeah. i was waitingi was waiting for a call back from him.- mm.- but you know what i'm gonna do?i'm gonna follow up.sure.can i have my juice back, please?no. you have a sloppy mouth._hey, did mrs. syzlak call?she's late for her appointment.um yeah. she cancelled.she said that her cat is better.she doesn't have a cat.okay. sorry, who am i thinking of?um, somebody isn't coming in todayand someone's cat is better.oh, and someone'ssomething may be worse...is everything okay?you usually take down the messages,even if you forget to give them to me.it's just that my gradesare being posted todayso i'm just kind ofavoiding the computer.oh. o-o-okay.well, that's not really an optionso how about i'll just look for you.no, it's okay, i can do it.it's just that if i fail imay need the afternoon off.also not an option,but i will be here foryou if it's bad news.oh my god, ted.- i passed!- really?yeah. i got a 60 and a 65!no, alexis, those arethe class averages.you got a 63 and a 68!oh my god!ju... well... uh... congrats.um. thank you.um, i'm just gonna, um...i'm just gonna call mrs. syzlak,and just make sure thather cat's doing okay.it's mrs. syzlak andshe doesn't have a cat,but you should call her back.and i, in the mean time,will go to get back to... work-o.mm-hm. mm-hm. mm-hm. mm-hm. mm.hmm... 'kay._hi, so i wanted to talkto you about... oh my god.yeah. i know. we're stilllooking for a place to hang it.did it grow?can we cover it with something or...?i tried. sheets aren't big enough.can we help you, david?uh, yes.actually i wanted youto be the first to knowthat patrick and i will belaunching the store this friday.- ooh!- oh great news!- a grand opening.- mm.hm. we've doing more of a soft launch.- i don't like the sound of that.- why?it's actually a veryeffective business strategy.and it's always better to go under.- go under?- no.david, if the business isfoundering it's best to tell us now.no! when it comes to expectationsit's always to go under than over.yeah, i don't know if that's true, son.every rose video weopened had fireworks.day or night. people love pizazz.okay, well, this is gonnabe the opposite of that.we're inviting a select group of vip's,and offering a 25 percentfriends and family discount.- well, that sounds meek.- okay.friends are getting the same discountas family? that doesn't sound right.well, that's what we're doing.well, what if your mother and igo in and buy something together?does that mean we geta 50 percent discount?why would you wanna spendless money at my store?david, we are happy to support thismodest little vigil you're hostingbut to hand out discountsbefore the store has even birthedit sounds a tad defeatist.i hope you don't mind if ikeep this information to myself.i don't want you to share the news.the smaller the better.oh, rarely has that beena recipe for success.i'm really glad i came in here.- we love you!- keep reaching, son!hello.um, i called mrs. syzlak,and sorted it all out.she will be in tomorrow.so, i'm just gonna go back to my desk,which is where i work.uh, we should talk about the kiss.definitely.personally, i don't thinkit was that a big deal.yeah. neither do i.we're adults. we should be allowed tohave an adult kiss from time to time.- totally. an adult kiss.- yes!like when parents kiss theirfriends... ju... on the mouth.yes. like kissing your parents.that's exactly what i was gonna say.yeah. i mean, we're friends so...agreed.oh! here's something,speaking of friend stuff,um... david is doing thisfriends and family discountfor his store opening.and i know that you love discounts,so, i was thinking thatmaybe we could go...- yeah. that sounds... yeah.- as friends.i would go as family, andyou would go as friends...of the family.well, i do love discounts.in fact they had to deletegroupon from my phone last week,just 'cause three vacuumsis enough... vacuums.yeah. cool. okay.so um...back to work-o.- watch out! oh.- oh! ow.- oh my god.- isn't it something?huh?i always felt somethingwas missing in hereand then it occurred to me that...a lot of family-run businesseshang a portrait of thefamily in the workplace.oh. well, that reminds me,i've been meaning to have myfamily portrait airlifted in...well, i know it's alittle arresting at first,but i think with timeyou won't even know it's here.mm... i don't think that's gonna happen.you don't look very happy in this.well, it wasn't the style to look happy.the motivation was to look successful.you know this used to hang inthe great hall of our house.oh, now this seems a littleunderstated for a great hall.i'd look at it every morning.the family often wasn'tall together back then,but, uh, i could look atthis and there we were.well, you guys are together,like, all the time now,so, who needs this,- right?- well, that's true.but, this happens to be oneof the only possessions that...wasn't sold off.really? you'd thinkthere'd be more of a marketfor oversized paintingsof other people's families.why does it seem like mrs.roses eyes are... following me?oh, she paid extra for that.- here you go.- _- two tuna melts.- oh. i didn't order tuna melts,- but i don't have time to...- oh, by the way, i hope you don't mind,but i told a few peopleabout your big store opening.big store opening?isn't it a friends and family sale.yes.which is why you wouldbe invited as a friend.- um, who told you about our little...- david,just the guy i wanted to see.listen, uh, gwen wanted me to ask youer, if... if we both haveplus-ones for the opening,or do we have to beeach other's plus-ones.who's gwen?that's very funny.oh, my mother's boyfriendwanted to bring his secretary.he did?why not. um, i'm gonna go.but i'm really gladthat someone told you....um... and bob... and gwen.uh...how many people didyou tell about friday?just the names on mypre-approved list. why?uh, because i have beenapproached by a lot of peoplewho are not on the pre-approved list.well, you know, sometimes when youtell everyone that it's exclusive,then everybody just wants in.like how many peopleare we talking about?uh, i don't know. twyla'swhole family. so, like, 75?- should've ordered more food and wine.- uh...well, looks like this softlaunch is firming up a bit, huh.but it's not supposed to be firm.well, with this many people it'sdefinitely at least semi-firm.okay. well, as longas it doesn't get hard.and that's something, that'swhat i just said to you, so...what...?oh my god.hey, back of the line, bro!hey! no cutting!'scuse me, this ismy store. who are you?i'm darleen's cousin.who the fuck are you?my god. ah...that kind of language, folks,will not be toleratedat rose apothecary.thank you.- this is a safe place.- _uh, so i was just verbally assaultedby a very off-brandcustomer in line outside.well, david, i havereally underestimated you.how so?who knew you had so many friends,or, uh, family members,- for that matter.- okay. what do we do?- i for one blame gwyneth. um...- david, relax.it's going to be fine.oh my god, the lights! ididn't call the electrician.do...watched a lot of youtube tutorials.this is very impressive.well, there is a good chancei didn't wire that properly,so that's why i also got theinsurance that you forgot to get.m'kay. um, there's only somuch that i can do in a day.- mm.- so... um...are we ready to do this?open the doors.okay...softly.okay._find everything okay?_wow.wow.david did all this?i can't believe it.he's managed to create, in thistown, something truly winsome.i would shop here, john.even without a naggingsense of obligation.and look at... look atthe labels on everything.'rose apothecary.'the rose name on anotherplucky young business.we should go congratulate him.we should but...our son is very hard at work.doing it. here you go.and the scarf. is this*** wearing it, is it?so um, this says foot cream on it.what happens if i use it on my hand?um, i'm pretty sure yourhands are gonna be fine.okay, and it's like 50 percent offif jocelyn and i bothbuy it at the same time?um, n-no. have youbeen talking to my dad- about the discount?- roly, you can bargain later.um, david, i need toask ya a little questionabout this baggy of joshua tree tea?- sure.- is it drugs?uh, no. it's loose leaf tea.okay. because it smells exactly like...oh, come on! ah, wow!geez, i didn't realizethis place was a front.it's not a front.that is a tea that mr. hockley makesout of a greenhouse on his farm.and now that i've said it outloud, i might have to double check.hmm. well, honey, why don't we, um,grab a few bags of mr. hockley's...- tea.- go get 'em. i love tea.yeah, i'm a big tea drinker now.started drinking tea in high school.cedar dragon.hm. that's different. what do you think?um.... mm. mm, yeah, youknow? um, i don't know.i mean, it's nice buti also, i don't know.i think you should probably get itor not, whatever...oh! look who's here!alexis and...- ted.- oh, ted.good to see you, mr. and mrs. rose.i take it that alexishas told you the big news?- big news?- um...well, it wasn't that big a deal,but the other day at workted and i went to hug...no, ah, actually i was talkingabout you passing your exams.honey! you passed!oh!alexis, what a delightful surprise!not that i'm surprised.i had nothing but doubts...no doubts. that you could do this.well, i'm just glad to be done.- well, it's been quite the day, moira.- mm-hm.you know, i had an idea aboutwhat to do with the portrait.oh, it's still there,waiting for us. isn't it?i was thinking, to save space,we could cut our faces outand make four smaller,individual portraits.we could...here's another thought:we bid it farewell.are you kidding?doesn't fit, john.and i don't just mean literally.we aren't those people anymore.we are, but we aren't.you know, you might be right.it's funny when i lookat that portrait now,i find myself wondering...were we really that happy back then?- yes.- we were.oh, deliriously happy.oh, and i miss that beach house.oh my god, i still dream thatwe wake up in our old bed.- nothing's changed.- no.no. we can't go down that road, moira.we have to focus on what we do have.no?yes.yes.ah, hey, i... alexis? i, um...oh, right. you were going that way.ah, no, no. i want to say, thati got you a little somethingfor passing your exams.oh.oh, ted! you picked up a stick.uh, no, it's a... it's apencil shaped like a twig.i got it at the store.wasn't that was sneaky of you.i will definitely try to use this.it looks very delicate.yeah, it's a lot moreexpensive than i thought, too.i hate it when they don'tput price tags on things.thank you, ted.oh, no...i didn't... i didn't mean.that was supposed to be like, um...like a thank you adult kiss.yeah, the thing is... i think,um, maybe we should just avoid...kisses for a while.even adult ones.of course.probably better if we just adult hugand adult work together.i totally get that.okay.great.adult high five?yeah.well, this was a success.i would say so. yeah.although, you know, we'dbe, ah, 25 percent richerif we just done a hard launch.but hey, i'm just a numbers guy.mm-hm. um, but had wenot done the soft launchwe wouldn't have lured all those people.mm. well, you know, the best thing isthat we never have to talk about itagain because we've officially open.that is true.congratulations, man.congratulations to you.- i can fix that. kinda liking...- okay. yeah. i was just gonnasay that that might need fixing.well, it fits here.i wonder what else thevan housens took from us.don't waste your time thinkingabout those human vultures.i think they did us a favour.they sent us a reminder that it'snot always good to hold onto the past.speak for yourself, i look super cute.okay, that's notactually your body though.um, okay, but it's my face, david.okay, let's go.there's something really weirdhappening with mom's eyes.it's like they're following me.- oh, they are.- oh god.corrections by petagschitt's creek - s03e12 - friends and family