_moira, i'm sorryi couldn't be more availablefor you today, it's justthat my sister was supposedto organize this with me,and her husband has come downwith gout for the third time.but i still think thisis gonna be the best- asbestos fest yet!- you know,i know all about being leftin the lurch for a fundraiser.eva longoria and iwere supposed to performour ventriloquist act forthe "everybody nose" benefitfor juvenile rhinoplasty,


when she suddenly dropsout due to exhaustion.i had to be both puppet, and puppeteer.okay, you know what, moira?there's just a lot going on right now.i've got a list ofthree different numbersthat you're choosing from,and what would reallybe helpful to everyone,and when i say everyone, i mean me,is if you could just nail down which oneyou're gonna perform tonight.i did get the set list from thechildren's choir two weeks ago.i... the easiest to go with is probably"shoes, glorious shoes,the imelda marcos story."- okay.- never mind.


i am going to dust off..."two heads are better".the one woman siamese twin play.yes-no!no, you know what?i am going to resurrect..."one crazy summer, thepatty hearst story."it's a tale of perseverance,much like your questto bring asbestos back to the town.okay, well first of all,we're trying to get ridof the asbestos, moira,and we really just needyou to make a decision, now.- okay!- now!well, let me think!uh... "two heads" it is.the foxwood casino gazette did sayit was a performancethey'd never seen before.- don't write that down.- okay moira,i just wanna slap youright across the face.patty it is! patty.although jocelyn, i'm wondering,does "tv's moira rose"send a different messagethan "television's moira rose?"something to think about?i said, something to think about!hello, you.- oh hi, david.- hi.i believe you said i couldhave your room for the day,to rehearse my act for the fundraiser.oh, you meant like, like right now?okay. um... what did you decide on?well, at this very moment it's 1974,and this room is a san franciscan bank.you're going with thepatty hearst story?yes, i am.and what's wrong with that?well, didn't it havean ensemble cast of 30?uh huh, and what wasyour father's review?29 dead weights!so i trimmed the fat.you didn't even play patty, though.you know i did!the night patricia luponeate that pre-show shwarma,and i was asked to step in.i've always wanted to reprise the role!i just recall that that showwas very heavy on the footworkand at one point you yelled, "line!"in the middle of a dance break.okay, some of these townspeopleare going to experiencemy triad of threatsfor the first time, david.nothing less thanspectacular can do for them!okay. i just rememberyou practicing every dayfor seven months withthat dance instructorthat i ended up dating.are you sure you remember it all?skip fosse once told methat when it comes to choreo,always leave some room for spontaneity.- okay.- okay, you know what?if you feel it's necessary, fine,i won't stand in theway of you spotting.well unfortunately,i can't spot you now,because now i have to go to work.- oh, then go to work!- okay. good luck.no, you say, "break a leg."- okay, that, too.- say "break a leg!"break a leg!okay, here. ahem! we'regoing to ease in...with a machine gun ballet.- hi, sorry.- hey! this guy!- excuse me, hey. - hey, yeah.- what's up. yeah...and we mark up the retail price.- okay.- what are you doing here?patrick has offered to helpme with this school assignment- i told you that, david.- hey.um, you did not tell me that.yeah, how are yourfriends doing outside?- they're harmless, thanks.- are they? cool.um, we're actually justin the middle of something,- so if you wouldn't mind...- i would mind, but...- okay, so, profit margins.- mhmm?um, how do you get more of those?well, you'd start bytelling the group of teensthat hang out outsideyour store every afternoonto leave because they'rescaring off actual customers.okay, they're not scaring off customers,there was one that looked meth-y.and i don't know where he went.see, your brother doesn'twanna tell them off.which is, and you can write this down,- a financial liability.- liability.incorrect! the fact that we have youthsminding their own businessin front of our storebuilds, and you can write this down...- no.- street cred.okay, are they actually buying anything?yes! they're coming in,and they're buying gum.and what else are they doing, david?they're coming in,they're looking around,and they're buying gum.and maybe complimenting my outfits.- there it is!- no, there what is?i'm sorry that you connectwith a more mature clientele,whereas i vibe witha much younger crowd.oh.- nice sweater, bro!- um... god, i...this is so old, and i can'teven remember where i got it.do you guys remember-sorry,where i got this sweater?- what just happened to you?- huh?like, breathe it out.hey there, johnny!just so you know, i'mobviously a beer guy,but i've never been known to turn downa fresh bouquet of flowers...roland, what are you talking about?well, you are gonna bethanking me pretty soonfor saving your bacon, so i just thought- i'd give you some gift ideas.- i'm kinda busy right now.yeah, i can see that.very busy, right, johnny?apparently too busy to change the bulbthat's burned out over room three.roland, i fail to see howpointing out problems hereis saving my bacon.i know a guy who needs some work,and i told him i'd do him a favour,and get him a job righthere in the motel, so...uh huh. and why does itsound like i'd be the onedoing your friend the favour?well johnny, i'm the middle man,i'm the one that kindof made this all happen.well, nothing's happened,so you can tell your friendwe can't afford him.you know, when i startedrose video we had one employeeper store working start to close,so keeping an eye on the bottom line,that's how a young business grows.- uh huh...- besides,stevie and i are managingjust fine on our own.all i'm saying is keepan open mind, okay?it might be nice tohave a guy around herewho has some basic skills for a change.and i'm sorry, but we allknow how rose video turned out!you know, rose video was thesecond largest video chain in-oohhh!did you ask him why he's beenwandering around with a notepad,it's really startingto creep out the guests.yeah, he's pitching aguy he knows to help outaround the motel, but don't worry,i told him that we're a welloiled machine at this point.yeah, that i've been greasing.your new policy about helpingthe guests with the bags...yeah, and you know, we'regetting very good feedbackabout that on the comment cards.but i've been the one carrying them,because "somebody" has a bad back.well stevie, if i lift a rollof toilet paper, you know,it... flares up.okay well, i'm starting to look likea slovakian shot putter,so i'm with roland.we're gonna be hiring someone else.thanks, bro.come back again soon, guys.great sale, bro.four teens, one pack ofgum, which you gift wrapped.hey, why don't we justclose the store up,and celebrate for the rest of the day?i'll have you know thatit was one pack of gum,- and one lip balm.- oh!well, that'll make up for all the stuffthey've been stealing.- i'm sorry?- what do you mean, stealing?those kids are one hundredpercent stealing from you.i don't think so.okay. they split up intofour different directions,one takes the back leftcorner, one takes the right,one of them asks you ifyou have those wool hoodiesin a different size,while the last one complimentsyou on your cuticle game.and while you're lapping all that up,the two in the back cornerare filling their backpacksfull of facial cleanser.it's the exact same move thati used with my klepto friendsin the hamptons.i-i feel like i would've sent that.yeah, i mean, maybe that'swhat you and your burnoutfriends did at the miss sixty store,but that's not what's happening here.okay. why don't you go check, then?i can't tell if there's product missing,or if we just haven't replenished.i feel like if someonewere robbing our store- we would know about it, right?- uh yeah, we would know.though this wouldexplain the compliments.- that's...- what?give it an hour, they'll be back.they only took thetoner and the cleanser,and if they're not sellingit on the black market,then they'll need to comeback and get the moisturizer,or their t-zones are going to be like,super effed!johnny, i gotta say, uh,i'm glad you came around to your senses,and may i tell you something,i don't feel like you're less of a manbecause you need a littlehelp with your business.yeah, that's good to know, roland.so where's the guy?oh he'll be here, don't you worry.mr. worry!and i think you'rereally going to like him,he's very smart, he'sdevilishly handsome,and he stands about yay tall,maybe a little bit more like that.okay, i see where this is going.- or do you?- roland, what are we doing here?johnny, it's me! i'm the guy!i know you're the guy,i got that as soon asi said where's the guy?oh my god, you shouldsee the look on your face!impatience, that's the look!all right, we do need help atthe motel, we do need someone,but someone who is going to pitch in,and do some of the grunt work.and i am willing to roll up my sleeves,and help out my best friend!okay, i gotta go.whoa, whoa, whoa! no, no, no, no!now i wasn't jokingabout my skills, pal!come on, what do yousay we give it a shot?- i don't think so, no.- huh? going once.- going twice.- no.- going 3 times.- roland! all right.going 4 times. going 5 times...all right, all right, allright. all right. fine.but only because we couldactually use some help.- that's a smart move, johnny.- but consider this a trial.yeah, that's probably a good idea,i don't wanna commituntil i know i like it.stick 'em up. it's a hold up.♪ nobody movebut me-me-me-me! ♪♪ but me! ♪♪ who goes there? ♪- it's jocelyn.- oh!good news, moira, don't ask me why,but gwen had a huntingrifle in her basement,and i'm hoping thisis good for your act!um, it was a machine gun.so i need a machine gunfor the machine gun ballet!okay moira, you've gotto meet me halfway here,- this is a real gun!- what?and i got you extra performance time,i got the children'schoir down to one song!some of the kids cried. oh, jocelyn.jocelyn, why? why, why,why, would you do that?because you asked for more time, moira!but... jocelyn!did you know that rehearsal,it can be the most enlighteningand even heuristic exercise.what are you saying?i'm saying i am stepping outof the limelight, jocelyn.but we already re-printed the postersfrom "tv's moira rose," to"television's moira rose!"and that's great, thatwill get them in the doorand then the kids take over from there!- that's...- okay.i see what's going on here.- somebody's got cold feet.- ha ha.blocks of ice. mhmm.i bit off more than i could chew.you know what, moira,we have all been there.yeah. on my wedding day, i thought,what if i just got in mycar and drove to new mexico,and left roland at the altarat the elmdale bingo hall?bottom line, i got cold feet too,and i faced my fears,and now look at us!27 years of bliss.was i to perceive somethingencouraging within that...little anecdote?okay, you know what,moira, pull it together.i'm taking this gun.okay, patty, come on, patty!patty, the eyes of thelonely world are on you!so, five, six, seven, eight, patty!five, six, seven, eight!nine, ten-nine...nine, ten, eleven, twelve!♪♪♪like clockwork, david.- hey!- yeah.hey! can i help you guyswith anything, or... ?no, we're just looking.okay, cool. cool, cool, yeah, yeah.look around. you do you.uh, hey, do you have this in like,a larger size, maybe?i don't know, i'llhave to go all the wayinto the back to check.hey, man!i like your shoes, where'd you get them?- oh! oh...- oh! um, these?i got these at a boutique in praguethat's only open on sunday nights.- cool.- is it?uh hey, i think we're gonna head.oh, um wait, but-youforgot something, though.what?!look, please don't do anything crazy,it took me so long to make that.well, i'll be happy to give it back,when you and your skidmark friends give backall of the products that you've stolen.and if i'm being honest,someone with your combination of skinshould really be using productwith tea tree oil in it.i...hand it over.i thought she was too cool to work here.i don't work here, andi am really cool, so.don't do it again, andi won't call the po po.- did she say po po?- okay! okay!i think we're done here.okay, i just have one more question.all those compliments, and fist pumps...- bumps.- shut up.was that just part of the big scheme?- no, you have cool style.- i like your shoes.they're lying to you, david,they're lying, they're lying.okay, get out.right, so...- ugh...- what? why me?- i just feel really gross.- why did i get one?okay, so there's windowrepair in room four.mhmm...and then the bathroom inroom 5 still needs to be done.yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.- can you handle that?- no, i am just waiting to hearsomething that's in my wheelhouse.okay uh, why don't you juststart by changing the sheets?honey, that kinda soundslike a johnny job to me.why don't we just puta "j" next to that.no, no, no! we're puttingan "r" next to that,roland, i thought you said youhad no problem doing grunt work.well johnny, how's it goingto look to have the mayorof the town changing sheets?uh, we change sheets!well great, so then,you've got it covered,let's put a big, fat"j" next to that one.no, no, we're not puttinga "j," we're putting an "r!"or better yet, roland,why not just get to work?this isn't exactly what i had in mind- when i said i needed help.- yeah, i know.no, guys, look, i justneed to find somethingthat caters to my expertise.that's all, you know what i can do?i can restock the soda machine.yeah, the soda machinesare fine, roland.what would actually help is ifyou could clean a toilet or two,but obviously, you're too good for that.- no, i can clean a toilet.- you know what,- i think we made a mistake, stevie.- mhmm.- no! i wanna clean a toilet.- we'll hire somebody else.no, i need to clean a toilet!you need to clean a toilet?yeah, i need to johnny,i... i mean, with the new baby coming,things are a little tight.joc and i have been trying to save,but we've been livingoff cold cuts and waffles.and jocelyn had to sellher beanie baby collection.and she didn't get half whatthat diana bear was worth.and now she's working nightsdown at the gas station.- she's working nights?- no, she's not,but she will have to ifthings get really bad.all right.- here's what we're gonna do.- hmm?we're putting an "r" besideevery single thing on this list.got it. okay. now when you say "r,"does that stand forrose, as in johnny rose...- roland! it stands for roland!- okay.and you can start by takingthose sheets over to room two.you got it.ew! what are you doing in my bed?oh, david please, icouldn't possibly make itall the way to my own bed.i'm-i'm just uh...i'm exhausted!- was it the footwork?- oh, it was the footwork.it was the score, it was the book,it was all of that, david.but most severely lacking... was me.you were right, my dear.i've had my time, and it's over now.um, i don't think i said that.there is an elephant in the room david,and he's whispering, "retire!"run david, go to jocelyn,and tell her to cancel the evening.okay... um well, i won't be doing that,but...there is one other option.what?what if we did...the number?- the number?- yeah, i know,it was stupid, it wasdumb. it was a dumb idea.david, you would do that for me?i thought you used to hateit when i'd trot you outin front of my friends?i still do, it's just thati'm finding this situationto be incredibly disturbing,and i will eventually need my bed back.do you think peoplewould find it strange,- or even inappropriate?- probably.and do you think we still have it?i'll go plug in my hair straightener.i hope you're not wearing your shoes.okay, let's haveanother round of applausefor the children's choir,and their kylie minogue medley!those were some racy lyrics!okay. ladies and gentlemen,i know that your headlinertonight is gonna surprise you,because she certainly surprised mewhen she told me just moments agothat she'd switched up her entire act,even though somebody putdown a really hefty depositon a wall of mirrors!okay anyways, withoutfurther ado, the main event!oh, thank you so much.um, is this the number?it's the middle of summer.brr! it's awfully cold out there.um, they used to do this actevery year at our christmas party,and you can't unsee something like this.ahem!oh, i wonder who that could be!it's television's moira rose!that's television's mom, to you.you know, nothing iscolder than the chill i getwhen i think of the dangersof asbestos poisoning.mhmm.luckily, a little birdie told methat with enough funds raised,this town could be asbestos free by...christmas!- ♪ ding! ♪- ♪ dong! ♪- ♪ ding! ♪- ♪ dong! ♪- ♪ ding! ♪- ♪ dong! ♪- ♪ ding! ♪- ♪ dong! ♪♪ on the first day of christmas, ♪♪ my true love gave to me, ♪♪ the keys to a lamborghini ♪- ♪ on the...- oh come all ye faithful... ♪♪ deck the halls withboughs of holly... ♪yes, i said faithful,which rules out all of you!♪ god rest ye, merry gentlemen ♪♪ let nothing youdismay may-may-may ♪