look at the state of this place,it's like we're in a mumbai-an slum.a year ago we had a staff of twenty-fiveworking the grounds of our home,and now we walk by a mattresson the side of the road,without thinking twice about it.well, the good news isthat mattress is covering up- the cracked toilet seat.- oh, john.john, do you rememberwhat goldie hawn told usat that amfar dinner?i dunno.


"you are the life you accept for yourself."those are goldie's words.or something someone said to her in india.or perhaps she read it.in any case, it has always stayed with me.john, i will not accept this life.and neither should you!yeah.i mean, would it kill someoneto plant a few peonies?!i have a feeling ifyou want peonies, moira,you're gonna have to plant them yourself.these are dark timesjohn, but not that dark.-- synced by the_foe ---- (dla misiaka) --i love how we can justbe silent with each other.


yeah.i mean, i definitely feellike we used to talk moreat the beginning,but um, it's good that wedon't have to do that anymore.because now we can just expresshow we feel through silence.what? - nothing.what?it's just, you're talking abouthow nice it is not to talk,but you're still, talking about it.i mean, yeah, i'm not a mute!well, that is an understatement.are we having somenon-fight fight or something?because all i'm saying isthat it's nice to not talk,but apparently i'm notallowed to say that?!no fight.it's not a fight.all i am saying is that you know,you need to talk about everything,and i... don't.i don't need to talk about everything,i'm just saying that, if i stopped talking,then who knows when we'regonna start talking again.you know?that way. - thank you.are those my mannequins?yeah.well, where are they going?!- oh, i sold them on ebay.- well, what do you mean?but don't worry, i'm using themoney to buy other mannequins,ones that are a little less um...fun? - porn-y.uh, i also placed a few other orders.little things to scatter around the store,to give the space a more directional feel.oh david, i saw somecute little knick-knacksthat i thought we couldpair with the scarves.- where are the scarves?- oh, i sold those, too.oh. well, things arehappening very quickly.now the candles, are theysomething that we would sellat a blouse store?no, those are just decorative.scent is a really importantfactor in defining a brand.alexander wang once firedmy friend over the smellof his cologne.to alex's credit, "curve pour hommes"hasn't been the look since '97.well, the look and the smellhere's very "woody",very funky.now david, you don't haveto sell all my things off.you can use the company credit card.yeah, i used that, too.oh well then, save all the receipts,because anything you buyfor the store is a write off.the candles, and the jewelry stands...no jewelry stands.no jewelry... - noooo!no, david! jewelry stands!i have taken a momentout of my busy schedule,because this poor townis sliding into disarray.there is a filthy mattress justlying on the side of the roada few blocks from here!oh no, that's dick sinson'smattress, he's giving it away.ray, i have always seen you as a sensitive,cultured, man of the world.- you have that striking accent.- thank you.and i'm sure your familywanted more for youwhen they immigrated from...winnipeg. - winnipeg.we deserve more, don't we, ray?we deserve cleanliness,we deserve flower beds,we deserve better lives!- you make some very good points mrs. rose.- thank you.but can i ask why are youtalking to me about this?i'm hoping to take my complaint to council,and i've been told you'dbe the easiest one to crack.too kind. and i'd be happy to help.excellent!but unfortunately, i'm nolonger on the town council.i resigned a few weeks ago,too overwhelmed with my businesses.but uh, you're more than welcome to take itto council yourself, with my endorsement.which won't really help, since i resigned.um, and council wasn't too happy about it.i'm surprised you didn't hear,i talked about itextensively on my podcast.i don't know how i missed that.david, is that you?huh? - hey!look at us, son, a couple of working stiffsback from the salt mines.- what?!- two men, back from the mines.what mines? what's that mean?it's a figure of speech.um, i don't get that.the salt mines! backfrom when people mined.- uh huh...- when miners worked in the, salt industry,they'd come home, after digging... salt.i don't know what it means!uh-huh, you know i just gotback from a four-hour shiftthat mostly consisted of mesampling luxury candles so...well, that's that's a tough day.hmm.why don't you grab yourself a cold one?you've earned it.working man. - thank you.- there's nothing in here.- really?- yeah.- oh, i must've taken the last one.okay.you know, for what it's worth, son,i just wanted to tell you uh...- how proud of you i am.- thank you.i mean, you got this job all on your own,nobody had to make acall, nobody got involved,nobody had to... pay somebody off.- what?- and you're looking very, very sharp.- well...- is that a new sweater?uh, it is.well, word to the wise, son,don't... spend all your money at once.- i thought you weren't getting involved.- no, i'm not.i'm not, i'm just saying,word to the wise, is all.okay, what does "wordto the wise" even mean?word to the wise.when you're... speaking to somebody wise,you lis... you're cognizantof what they're saying.a wise person telling you...anyway, just-just uh, keepthat in mind, and um...keep up the good work.thanks so much. i'm justgonna use this now. so...wake up sleepy head, nap time's over.honestly, honestly, i have no money,and an empty purse from two seasons ago!alexis, it's me.oh my god! your face!yes, you can see it now!you shaved!are you-are you crying?no!no, um, when did you do this?just now, i felt like a change.and you didn't talk to me about it.about me shaving my beard?- yeah.- okay, what would we have talked about?it's my face.um...you'd have said, uh,"wow alexis, i'm thinkingabout shaving my beard."and then i would've said,"hm, no mutt, i don't thinkthat that's the right journeyfor you at this point in time."well, then i would've said, "too bad."i shave like, every six months.okay, you try growing a beard!i was a beard for a very well known actor,and i get it, it's uncomfortable.but your beard is like, myfavorite thing about you!my beard is your favorite thing about me!- i said one of my favorite things.- no, no, no, no.you said, "favorite thing!"i just woke up, and youhave a different face.so there's just a lot going on right now!yeah, tell me about it, i just found outthat my girlfriend'sfavorite thing about meis the hair that grows out of my face!i'm just saying...that i think that that was a decisionthat we needed to make as a couple.okay? we need to communicate more.i really didn't thinkthat "this" was a thingwe needed to talk about.i thought we had a deeper thing goin' on.that's not what this is about.this is about me beingleft out of the loop.i do need to talk.and maybe if we had talked more,i could have prepared myself for this.look at your little doll lips.thank you for installing theramp at the post officebut it's a little steep.i've tried it twice, and both times,i've been sort of shot back into traffic.yeah, but see the thing with a ramp is,it's kind of a momentum thing,you really gotta you know, give it a...attention please, council!i have a concern.i was just hoping to be interruptedby a concerned citizen.would you like to beadded to the agenda, moira?no need, i'm prepared to speak now.well, that just doesn't work, i mean,we have a list, uh...bob, just concentrate on the minutes, okay?i can tell right now you're behind.okay, typing is not my strong suit.ray could type without looking at the keys.this will take but a moment.i can't imagine you have anythingmore pressing this afternoon.well, actually, jennifer had the floor.hello.you could've spoken up.excuse me.david, if you're going out again,can you pick up some new toilet paper?i cannot use the stuffthe motel provides, okay?it's like a birthday streamer.you-you-it stretches,and then, and then you pull it,and it just snaps, okay?that-that whole thingjust fell off the roller!wow, um, dad, you remember stevie.yes, yes, i remember stevie.i know stevie. i knew stevie was here.that's why i came inwith something funny.hmm. oh yeah, sure.what's this? looks expensive.oh, this is some new bedding.david, didn't i just...tell you to save your money?uh, yeah.i am testing this out for the store,so work is paying for it.work is paying for your bedding?i was gonna leave, but now i don't want to.what is that? is that a new lamp?yeah, i'm thinking of bringing home-wareinto the store, so that's a write off.that's a write off? - yeah.do you even know what a write off is?!uh yeah, it's when you buysomething for your businessand the government pays you back for it.oh, and who pays for it?nobody, you write it off.who writes it off?!i don't know, the govern...the "write off" people!why are we having this conversation?so if i need boozeto get through my day,- i can just write that off?- that's a stretch.but the skin care productsyou got this morning,those are a write off.what skin care products? youpurchased skin care products?!okay, okay. i am the face of the company.if i have acne, what doesthat say about the legitimacyof the store?that's not a write off!that's not a write off!this?! not a write off!oh, well, the bedding's non refundable, so.david, a write off... is a business expenseused to reduce your taxable income!okay, well then why isn'tit called a "tax write off?"it is!it is, you can't justbuy things for yourself,and write them off!well then, i'll return some things.there's not enough space in herefor the massage chair, anyway.i should get back to work.just in case any moreof your packages arrive.i am here to addressan issue that i believeself-respect.i don't think we can helpyou in that department.i'm speaking about what we have allowedto happen to this town.everyone leaving theirold things here and there,like some city-wide garage sale!i deserve better!we deserve better.a baby born in a prison cell does not knowthat a toilet shouldnot be in the same roomas its bed, but we do.i didn't know you'd been in prison.what? no, i'm illustrating a point.okay, picture all of you living in a cave,having never seen the outside world...and then i show up.no, this is not what i'm trying to say.what are you trying to say?that we should strive for somethingthat sets us apart from the prison baby.greenery! we need greenery!flowers, boxwood trees!two sets each for the cafe, and the motel.and then a citywide clean up,and i will not take no for an answer.yeah well, i was actuallyjust gonna suggest that.before you suggested it.thank you.so there was just one baby in prison,or there were more?- did you lose weight?- i shaved my beard.oh, i like it. you look younger.thank you, twyla. that means a lot.so, what can i get you guys?um, what's the cake today?i'm sorry, did you just ask for cake?i'm not used to you ordering solid food.yeah, i'll just have a slice of whatever.i guess i'm having cake.everything okay? - yeah.i don't know, i just feellike something's changed...with us.huh.what are you thinking?i don't know if anything's changed.i think maybe we knoweach other better now.maybe that's the problem.no, no, i'm not sayingthat there's a problem,i'm just saying that thereare definitely a few thingsbetween us that need to be adjustedin order to make this work for us.like maybe i need totalk less and listen more,and you need to talk more, and listen less.and are you willing tomake these adjustments?well...are you?uh... - i brought two forks.just in case you wanted to share.s...hmm.yeah.be careful on those stairs!hey, next order of business,we install a ramp here.hey! - hmm?you really put roland on the spot there.i was simply exercisinga basic human right.yeah, and i don't disagree with you.i've always known you were on my side.i wouldn't go that far.but i will say this,usually these councildecisions, they take weeks.oh, i won't wait for anyone's decision.i once got winnie mandela to rsvpto an "artists against eczema"benefit within the hour.you're a pain in the ass,but you get stuff done.- a delightful compliment.- hmm, but those boxwood trees?oh yes, two sets,and if you know a good ceramicist...i would lower your expectations.you're lucky if you getsome daisies in a planter.but good work. - thank you.eczema benefit?yes, you try enjoying a puff pastrywith everyone around you scratching.ew!ugh!what's going on?i think mutt and i ended things.you think? okay, here's a serious question:are you capable of makingan executive decision?it's done.um... what happened?i don't know, like, we weretalking, and then we just...like, didn't talk for a long time.okay. and that's it?no, and then we talkedabout why we weren't talking.and then we both agreed thateven though the sex was amazing...mhmm. - like, amazing!there was this time in the barnwhere i climbed up onto this rafter...but yeah, no, i think-i think we're good.yeah, anyway, we bothagreed that we'd just beenlusting after each otherfor such a long timethat that's what we were holding onto,and not what was right in front of us.which was what? - what?what was right in front of you?when? - okay.okay. so anyway, it's done.and it's just really weird,because i've never feltanything after a break up.mhmm. - like, nothing.like, i've been to doctors about it.- mhmm...- but this time, it's different.well, that's good.i think he changed me a bit.like he knows me.i let him know me. you know?i think i need a hug, or something.w-you what?i need a hug.uh... uh...- david, will you please give me a hug?- oh, okay, yes, yeah.did you get new bedding?um, yeah, i did.but it's a write off, so i don't...anyway.david, alexis!could you come out here, please?david, alexis!come see this! - what?honestly, john, it's not worth it.your mother has done somethingwe can all be proud of.oh, did you pick up that random condomthat was on the grass there?- ew yeah, whose was that?- i have no idea.no, that's not it. not it.they'll never see it.throw it on the longlist of things i've donefor my children they don't appreciate.your mother had these boxwoods put in.- weren't those here before?- there was literally nothing here.it was a wasteland.weren't there more plants here before?no, there weren't! andthere are more around town.thanks to your mother.that's great.okay.- are we good with the plants, or?- can we go? yeah.yeah, we're good. - okay.oh, there's the condom right there, david.ew! eww!