schitt's creek - s03e13season finale: "grad night"alexis, i have a favour...oh, great. um...i would love a ride to work.i meant, i have a favour to ask.you just said that you have a favour.as in, for me.well, who says that, 'ihave a favour for you?'okay. are you saying thatyou can't drive me to work?no, i can't.i need you to workthe motel this friday.


ewww! what?!we're all pitching in these days, dear.like communists or non-union actors.okay. well, i would love to,but it's my high schoolgraduation on friday.your graduation is this friday?- mhm.- what?i didn't tell you becausei don't want you to come.it's bad enough that i have to wear thatunflattering black dressand then the hat with the thing on itin front of people that i don't know.yeah, i'm not going.i was at your first graduation


and it's not my faultthat you weren't there.we all have to go, david,unless you have some special excuse.it's my birthday.yeah. well...we, we didn't forget.no, we've been talkingabout it for weeks.you've been talking about it for weeks.well, we'll just have to have a birthdayand graduation celebration all in one.yeah. i'm veryuninterested in that option.- as am i.- no. seriously don't come.they can't say we didn't try.- ugh.- what?woof... david.-- corrected by chriske ---- sync by misialover --oh, can i get a gift receipt for that?it's for an anniversary.oh. well, isn't that thoughtful.i wish everyone rememberedspecial days like that,but, alas, that's notwhat this world is anymore.i'll just take that gift receipt.yeah. okay.- you're a good person.- uh.is everything okay?yeah. it's fine.all right.here is a question.um, has your family everforgotten your birthday?like your parents and your sister,collectively, as a whole?that would be a no.no, i've always had some kind of party.- oh.- in fact, sometimes two parties.one before school ended with my friends.and then another with my familywith my cousins who werekinda more like siblings.but they, they forget... other things.yeah. i'm sure. yeah.i'm kinda piecing togetherthat it might be your birthday?yes, it is.well, happy birthday.how old are we...do you have any plans for today or?ah, i plan on popping a pill,crying a bit and falling asleep early.so just a regular weeknight.well, it sounds like fun!it is.you ever tried the cafe tropical?i've heard people raving about how"moderately edible" the food is there.well, yes.we could, we could gofor a birthday dinner.- you don't have to do that.- no, i-i'd like to.- sure.- let's say eight o'clock.- okay.- okay.- those are wet now.- that's a lot of spritzing.- i'm gonna dry those off.- okay.okay, another girl droppedoff her resume this morning.ted, have you read these?these are actually very impressive.there are people here who went to schoolspecifically for vet stuff.yeah, well, y'know,formal training is usually encouraged.well, i don't have formal training.this person's assisted with surgeries.is that somethingthat i should be doing?no. god no.well, ted, if there arepeople here that can help you,you should hire them.well...i'm... very happy with thejob that you're doing.and i... i like having you here.well, i like being here, but...not as much as like... tiffany seraris.the poor thing went to cat camp.so what are you saying?well, i'm saying i didn't realizethat there was a huge pileof way more qualified peoplejust like waiting to be hired.yeah. but you're learning.i know, but i'm takingsomeone's desk here.like someone who actuallywants to touch animals a lot.like...maybe there's a job out therethat i'm better suited for.and some other like gorgeous,slightly under qualifiedgirl is sitting at my deskasking herself the same question.okay...i'm just realizingthat wanting to come inand laugh at youranimal puns isn't enoughwhen there is like people here.those were genuine laughs?sometimes, yeah.well, i can't say thereception will be as fun,but... that's reallygenerous of you, alexis.like, surprisingly generous.no i know.so, um,i guess i should go.i have my graduation tonight, so.well, it's only eleven.and i am paying you for the day.i totally get that.i will stay until four.day ends at five, but sure.damian steele.okay, we will see you soon! bye.yeah.stevie! stevie!- have you tried restarting it?- what?oh. sorry, i thoughtyou were having troublewith the computer again.no, no.well, i'm stuck on all caps, but no.come here, take a look.look, we are sold out.i just booked the last room.are you sure you didn't putthe same reservation in twice?because you've done that before.no. booked.we can now fire up the 'no'in the 'no vacancy' sign.oh, yeah, that burnt out years ago.sadly it hasn't been an issue, but...maybe we could use the 'no'from the 'no refunds' sign.all right. we'll figure out.but i am so proud of our little team.up here. come on.i don't think we'rethose kind of people.in the sky! here we go!yeah! big day!big day, stevie!as long as we have some time,i thought we'd revisit thisdelightful little number.i can't even remember whywe stopped working on it.because we are an ensemble groupand this requires a lead vocalthat just happens to be in your range.ronnie,when one of us shines, all of us shine.that is the meaning of ensemble.sorry, gals.i just got caught up on the phone.i have good news and, and some bad news.oh. is the bad news thatthere is no good news?my aunt used to playthis game with me a lot.the good news is ijust got off the phonewith the little townsbig voices festivaland the elmdale songbirdshave had to drop outat the last minute.they got a terrible stomach fluthat just run right through them.so the festival was wonderingif the jazzagals would sub in tonight!oh, wow.and of course the bad news isthat moira and i won'tbe able to attend.oh. i'm sorry, w-why can't i?because your daughter isgraduating high school.oh. and what a grand night it will befor you and your charges.but the roses' willnot be at graduation.no, alexis has veritablybrowbeaten us not to attend.i wouldn't be surprised if sheskips the whole affair herself.waggish little nymph, that she is. so...well, then i guess it's just methat won't be making it to the festival.oh, jocelyn, don't worrywe will do you proud.i think we might just havethe perfect number for it.don't you think?♪well, look at you...you are radiant.hardly.you are, alexis.oh, i'd advise against the mortarboard.it'll flattens thehair and pull focus awayfrom that beautiful face.well, i think everyone has to wear one.hm. but by not wearingone, you'll stand out.and by the fact that you'rea good ten years olderthan everyone else.okay.um, is this straight? does it look okay?mhm.i'm so proud of you.i don't know why.everybody graduates from high school.you know, it isn't easy.especially at your age.okay, can you please stop saying that.alexis, you've worked very hardand now that you've done this,the world is gonna open up wide for you.um, you know...it's not too late if you wanna come.hey, it's okay. don't worry about me.mommy is going to be fine.and i'll respect your wishes.i'm just saying likeif you do wanna come.well, it's a little late now.whatever, if you haveplans that's totally fine.now i do.now i'm doing a bigconcert with the jazzagals.because you're the one who told usyou didn't want anyone there.okay. totally is, it's totally fine.had i known.it's gonna be long and boring anyway so.alexis.alexis, i hope you knowthat you have been and always will beone of my top priorities.thanks.well, we'll see you afterwards.we'll all have lots to celebrate then.all of us.i almost didn't see you therethrough the mad rush of thefriday night dinner crowd.i'm just so relievedthat i made a reservation.yes. well, you look very nice.oh, thanks. well, youknow, i assumed that the cafewould have a dinner jacket policyand i didn't wanna wear one of theirs.mhm. well, the amazingthing about this placeis that they've donesuch a wonderful jobof editing down themenu to a very concise,world-class selectionof international cuisine.agreed. agreed.dare we try the deep friedmozzarella stick platter?mmm. they do a lovely winepairing with that so...sorry, i'm late.is everybody here orare other people coming?i don't know. is anyone else coming?no. this is uh, this is it.in case you didn'tknow, i'm widely popular.some might even ventureto call me beloved.that's a bit of a stretch.welcome stevie.i, i, i'm sorry if i'dknown you were comingi would have them setthree places but...- oh.- did i not tell you?but, you know, hey,the more the merrier.i'm just going to hitthe restroom real quick.and then i'll come back.happy birthday.thank you.- is this okay?- yeah. why?because he bought you a present.it's very nicely wrapped.so i think i'm crashing a date?oh, no. no, no.he thinks you guyswere here, one-on-one.he brought you a present.i didn't even get you a present.no, i noticed that.do you want me to look?no i don't want you to look.okay, i'll just say this...if there's anythingremotely sentimental in here,he is on a date with you right now.sophie nguyen...brad poloski...which ones are your parents?oh, um, i told them not to come.alexis rose.oh, i see you found my present.um, yeah. we just didn'twant anything to spill on it.so you put it on the table?- yeah.- huh...open it, david!oh, no, no, no no,you can open it later.it's really not a big deal.it's not...this is the first gifti haven't bought myselfin a very long time.so thank you.you're gonna be really underwhelmedwhen you open it. trust me.it's not-see. it's nothing.what is it?oh, it's just the receiptfrom our first sale at the store.um, this is not nothing.so, thank you.i overheard someonewanted mozzarella sticksfor their birthday.pretty sure i scrapedoff all the freezer burn.wow. look at those.do you guys need anything else?'cause i'm just heading out so...you know what, i have to go too.i totally forgot.i'm gonna take some to go.okay. i should warn you,these don't travel well.even coming from the kitchenthey lost a lot of shape.um, this is a very solid frame.thank you, i'm learning.- shall we?- mmm.- what are you doing here?- it's your graduation.what do you think i'm doing here?i was just taking pictures.i just quit, i thoughtyou wouldn't wanna come...let's try to findanother word for 'quit.'you know, it kindaimplies poor management.besides you just,'cause you've decided to move on,doesn't mean we can'tstill see each other, right?mhm.move... down. sorry.sorry. sorry. thank you.i'm really glad you're here.me too.i'm gonna have to look at those photosbefore you share them or post them.yeah. of course. yeah.no, i-i'm very sorry to tell youthat we are all booked up tonight.no room at the inn!yeah.no, no. i can imaginewith that many kidsand a grandmother,that it might be toughgetting last-minuteaccommodations but...hello? hello?wow, isn't this a hot spotto be on a friday night, huh?well, this is a big night, roland.- that's good.- waiting for our last guest.he was supposed to beshow up an hour ago.well, johnny, i would loveto sit and wait with you,but i've got a reservation,so if you could just give memy room key that'd be great.- you have a reservation?- mhm.yeah. roland, we havea full house tonight,and i do not see your name down here.johnny, you'll find meunder... damien steele.you're damien steele?shh! come on,i don't want the whole town to find out.roland, i've been waiting here all nightfor damien steeleit's david's birthday,alexis is graduating.see johnny, the mayor of the towncan't use his real nameto check into a love motel.yeah, it's not a love motel, roland.oh, it will be tonight, my friend.see, jocelyn and ihave a yearly tradition.every grad night we like topretend to be other people...- if you know what i mean.- yeah, you just told me what you mean.oh, we've been doing thisever since our own grad night.if you catch my drift.yeah, i caught your driftwhen you told me what you mean.so when joce shows up and she saysher name is lisa meriweather,just roll with it, okay?here is your key, roland.okay. damien.congratulations, graduates,in honor of your achievement,we have an extra special surprise.- hm.- hm. okay.i think we're good here.oh really? she said, extra special.i think we should stay.♪ oohhh tu, baroo, tu baroo ♪♪ sha la la, ohhhh... ♪♪ tu, tu, tu, baroo ♪♪ ohhhh, oohhhh ♪♪ sha la la, ♪♪ ohhhh, bop ♪♪ baby i'm yours (baby i'm yours) ♪♪ and i'll be yours until ♪♪ the stars fall from the sky ♪♪ yours until therivers all run dry ♪♪ in other words, until i die (bop) ♪♪ baby i'm yours (baby i'm yours) ♪♪ and i'll be yours (yours) ♪♪ until the sun no longer shines ♪well, that was a fun night.i'm really glad i decided to investin your business, david.that is really lovely thing to say.and i'm so glad you did, patrick,because you've really helped to turn itinto the success that it is.hmm. a bold claim.thank you.- for what?- um, i've never done that before...with a guy.okay.yeah. and uh,i was getting a little scaredthat i was gonna let you leave herewithout us having done that.so uh,thank you...for um...making that happen for us.well, um,fortunately, i'm anvery generous person.so...can we talk tomorrow?hm. we can talk whenever you'd like.just preferably not before 10 a.m.,um, 'cause i'm notreally a morning person.mhm.goodnight, david.goodnight, patrick.- happy birthday, david.- happy graduation, alexis.- thank you.- thank you.♪ for he's a jolly good fellow, ♪♪ for she's a jolly good fellow, ♪♪ for they're twojolly good fellows... ♪♪ for graduating todayand being born today ♪"happy day alex and davis".we've done the best we can.and we should congratulate your motheron her performance tonight.awww.let's not forget, your father, mr. rose,sold out this motelfor the first time ever.- okay.- yeah!♪ for we're all jolly good people, ♪♪ for we're alljolly good people... ♪♪ for we're alljolly good people... ♪okay, i think that thisis really pulling focusfrom my birthday a bit though.♪ that your mother and me... ♪♪ and father and me... ♪♪ are so proud oooffff! ♪-- corrected by chriske --schitt's creek - s03e13 - grad night