someone keeps eating my yogurt!- arghhhh!- what kind of yogurt?i was saving that for after my run, david!oh my god, i guess i was saving itfor during your run, then.agh, you're like a big,dirty raccoon, david!oh alexis, you're almost forty,if you want some food,prepare yourself some food!there is no food!nobody can cook, thisis basically child abuse!david can cook.


i can't cook.you got that teppanyakitable for your bar mitzvah.that was thrown out afteralexis left her extensions on it,and everything smelled like burnt hair.i thought it was an actual table, david.there was a plug comingout of the side of it!well, alexis, why don'tyou cook, you can cook.- yeah.- i can't cook!why don't you cook?well, i-i could...i-i could cook.oh, john, john! this is embarrassing!fine, i'll cook dinner tonight.what was the chicken dishthat adelina used to make?mm! the enchiladas.


- yeah!- uh huh.oh, adelina, she was a good cook, remember?mm! uh huh! yeah! mmm!excuse me, but the enchiladaswere my mother's recipe.i don't think so.um, that's not how i remember it.i made it for you all the time!- john?!- yes, well,if that's the way you rememberthings, sweetheart, that's...okay, enough, tonight i willmake my mother's enchiladas.and david, you will help me.uh, what?!oh my gosh david, it's gonna be so fun- for you tonight, doing that with mom.- don't touch me!- it's so nice!- don't! that's harassment!-- synced by the_foe ---- (dla misi) --well, there she is!- hi.- how are you today, jocelyn?oh, i'm okay, busy, i mean, we were about- to head to, um...- how fun.listen, a small favour...i require the use of your kitchen.sorry, for what?to cook a meal, of course.oh moira, normally i'd be happy to,it's just we have a reallyhectic afternoon, so...david and i are going to resurrectan old family recipe.mmm!of course i'd say... yes,it's just that that darnstove is on the fritz.oh really, honey?because this pie is scorching!it comes and goes, roland!oh, i'm sure it's far superiorto what we have at the motel.david and i will manage!oh, i know, it's-it's justthat i called the repairman,and so he's coming this afternoon.- oh.- who'd you call, honey? bill?- yeah... bill.- bill doesn't do stoves.then, gary.gary? our dentist??i don't remember who i called but,they're coming, this afternoon!oh.it's as if you don't trust david and meto fend for ourselves in your kitchen.oh no, we don't mind you using our kitchen,as long as you make extra for us,and leave a ten spotover there for the hydro.that i can do! i'll be back in ten,to a clean kitchen!- a clean kitchen.- i just cleaned the kitchen!how's the brisket, mr. rose?well, it's tasting more like meat.oh, well that's good!you know twyla, i'vebeen noticing how quietit is in here during the day.oh yeah, it's always quietbefore the lunch rush.which isn't so much a rushas much as it is just a...a handful of people showingup at a leisurely pace.oh, yeah, well, the reason i point it outis that um, you know, i've beenlooking for a place to work.- like a-an officespace. - uh-huh.you see, i get a lot ofideas back at the motelthat need serious contemplation,but with the family there,i just can't seem to get any work done.- i hear that.- so, i was wondering...and i thought about bringingthis up the other day,but decided against it, for some reason.but here we are talking, so, what the hell.what are the chances of me operatingout of one of these booths every day?i am just gonna put these plates down.i just think i'll think better,once the blood rushes frommy arms, back to my head.oh, oh! yes, yes, yes! uh, absolutely!yeah, you can put them down, ididn't mean to keep you, there.i know you've got a lot of work to do.totally, they're just heavy plates!yeah, yeah, sure, sure. okay.hey there, johnny.oh, bob, hi! oh, i didn't see you there.i hope you don't mind me uh,eavesdropping on your conversation, but uh,i think maybe i could help you.- really?- i heard you're looking for office space?- yes!- well, i have a sweet little spotyou might be interested in, if uh,if you wanna take a look.yes, i would! thank you.happy to help, i'm sureyou'd do the same for me.if you had anything to offer.- hi.- hi.is this a safe space yet, for us? or...yeah, why wouldn't it be?oh, okay, it's just 'causethe last time i was in here,you told me to leave your office,so, i guess i was just having a hard timegauging where we're at,as two people who usedto um... be well, um...how can i help you?i-i'm wondering if ican borrow your vehicle?i need to get some groceries.sure. do you want a lift?is that a trick question?- no.- oh, okay.um...you don't have to keep tiptoeing around me.- i'm over it.- over it?yeah, i don't like you anymore.i mean, like that.oh! okay.well, that's good then, i guess.i think so.- are you wearing makeup?- so what if i am?hey! uh, i hope i'm notinterrupting anything.uh no, no, of course not.okay. um...so i've been thinking a lot about things.okay, good, because i've been thinkinga lot about things, too.- like your proposal.- yeah, the more i thought about it,the more it just didn't feel right.yes! i agree!yeah, it came out of the blue,and you had a lot on your mind.yes, ted, yes!so i think it may be best for us just to...take some time, you know?oh my god, it's like we're sharing a brain!then in a few weeks, when we're settled,and more focused on each other,we try the whole proposal thing again.hmm?mmm-hmm...unless you were gonna say something else?no!'cause you and me...you and i...no, uh-huh,uh-huh, uh-huh!it's-mmm!so uh-us, the "us" thing,and... um...whoa!so uh, what do you think, johnny?what do i think? ithink it's a nice garage.- where's the office?- you're looking at it.bob, you told me you had asweet little office space,okay, and frankly, working out of a garageis not what i had in mind.well uh, out of curiosity,what did you have in mind?an office! you know, a chair, for starters!oh, well, we got a uh, i got agreat spot for a chair right there,uh, you just have to move these tires.um, filing those papers'llgive you some extra space.yeah, bob, i'm not working for you,i'm not filing papers.no, i'm just saying, if youneed to get a chair in here,you know, you mighthave to move some things,maybe, you know, sell some old car parts.yeah, i didn't come here looking for a job.okay? i wanted a spaceto work, and frankly...i don't think this is it.okay, well uh,i'm not saying you have tomake a decision right now,just maybe clean itup, and give it a think.how about i give it a thinkwithout cleaning it up!suit yourself.as long as it getscleaned up at some point.okay, bob...uh, i'm gonna leave you with your thoughts.- hey!- what's up?mm, uh well, good news, i um...i finally went over to break up with ted.ooh, that is good!i was starting to thinkyou might never do it.i know, i know.it must've been hard.it was, it was really hard.how'd he take it?um, i don't know, you neverknow with these things.so... ooh!- alexis?- what's up?you didn't break up with ted, did you?um, well, like i said,i started to, and then,i don't know if it wasthe timbre of his voice,or the fact that hesmelled like baby powder,but i just, i physically couldn't do it!- okay.- yeah.you know, there was... itmust happen to people, right?like, there must be peopleout there who say yesto getting marriedbecause they can't say no,and then what happens?and then they're just stuckfor the rest of their life,with the same wrong, sweet, person, right?well, i'm pretty surethose people get divorced.aaah!alexis, you need to be honest with him.okay.what if i sent him thesweetest little text message?okay. yeah.i'll do it in person.obviously, i'm just...i'm gonna do it in person.i will do this in person!well, that was quick.it was a pretty short grocery list.no, i mean, you being "over it."i knew what you meant.it's just a really fast turnaround.you know, usually itdoesn't happen that quickly.what if it does?well, it's just whensomeone keeps telling youthat they're over it, sometimes it meansthat they're not actuallyover it, which is fine!but it's fine too if they are over it.yeah, i just wanna make surethat you're taking the timeto actually get over it, you know,because if you don't, ithink it could lead to just...you know, it's interesting,the longer we have this conversation,the more over it i get.- oh!- in fact, i'm having a hard timeremembering when i wasn't over it.wow, well aren't you just a...a pillar of strength, and self-healing.yeah, i'm pretty amazing.- uh huh.- you really missed out.- oh, did i?- 'cause, you know,- i'm over it.- you're over it! yep.yeah, you made that abundantly clear. so...okay, a quarter cup at a time.a thin stream, it'ssupposed to be a thin stream,- and blend it really well.- uh huh. uh huh.or you'll burn it...david, that's not right!okay well, that's becausei'm ladling and stirringat the same time, andyou're just standing there.now is not the time to lose focus, darling.this was your idea!you're the one who allegedlymade the enchiladas.yes, so try to keep up.okay, next.now's the time to sprinklein the chili pepper flakes.we've already done that.what number are we on?!oh my god, is this notyour mother's recipe?yes, and now i'm passing it on to you!so try to keep up.um... oh!next step is to fold in the cheese.what does that mean?what does "fold in the cheese" mean?- you fold it in.- i understand that, but how?how do you fold it? do you fold it in half,like a piece of paper,and drop it in the pot,or, what do you do?david, i cannot show you everything.okay, well, can you show me one thing?!you just... here's what you do:you just fold it in.okay, i don't know how tofold broken cheese like that!then i don't know how to be any clearer!you take that thing that's in your hand,- uh huh?- and you...if you say "fold in" one more time...it says, fold it in!this is your recipe!you fold in the cheese, then!- don't you dare!- you fold it in!david!oh good, now i see bubbles.david! what does burning smell like?!all right, here we go. ohhh!hey.wow, twice in the same day,what'd i do to deserve this?um, i was hoping we could talk again.oh, well, i was about togive hazel a blood test.well, i think it's probablybetter if you put hazel down.what?! no, she'll be fine!- it's just her blood sugar!- no, no, no, no, no!i just mean while we talk,i think it would be...um, easier.oh, okay.there we go.okay.so, i did something.i didn't do something, ishould've done something.and i didn't.what didn't you do?um, i wasn't direct with people.people who deserve more directness.people like you.well, that was pretty direct.people like you deservebetter than people like me.you're the perfect boyfriend, ted.- thank you...- but...i knew there was a "but."no, no, no! there is no "but."but you're just not theperfect boyfriend for me.and i don't-i don't thinkthat i'm in this enoughto take it to the next level.okay.okay.so that does mean that i don't thinkthat i can accept, your proposal.yeah, no, i pieced that part together.okay.but um...thank you.- for what?- well, i wouldn't want to marry someonewho didn't feel about methe same way that i feel about them.oh wow, could you make this any harder?well, i did book us atwo week couples vacationthat's non-refundable.ooh, yeah, that makes...that makes it harder.hi bob, what's uh, going on?johnny, what are you doing here?well, i just came by to talkto you about the office space.it's funny to hear that,because before you weresaying this isn't office space.and uh, well, i got to thinking,well, if it's not office space,then, what the heck is it?!and then i rememberedgwen's nephew, eric, here,was looking for studio space.uh, he draws chinese cartoons.they're japanese graphic novels.it's called manga.oh, well, that sounds like a...lucrative career choice.so anyway bob, i'vedecided to take this spacefor my office, so.ooh, now this is a bit awkward,because you gave me the distinct impressionthat you didn't want it.and now we uh, have eric here.yeah, well, eric can find a you know,a back room, or a darkbasement to doodle in.well, that's okay, uncle bob.i don't have any money.either does johnny, andhe's not even related to me.no, but you said eric was gwen's nephew,so technically he's notrelated to you, either.so... no offense, eric.no, that's fair.oh. well, uh...all right, johnny, uh,i guess just let me knowwhen you've finished cleaning up,and uh, i'll find somethingelse for you to do.bob, i don't work foryou, i'm just setting up an office!no, i know, it's your space.and uh, just so you know,garage opens at eight,but if you're here a fewminutes before that, even better!how did it go?you smell the room, what do you think?i-i don't know.well, of course you don't,because i have not taughtyou life's basic skills.other than cooking, whatbasic life skills don't i have?oh david, i'm not surewe have time for that.you know, when i was a young girl,my sister and i baked bread from scratch,in a kitchen half this size.do i wanna hear this story?i could make a bed, icould fix a wobbly table,or start a car without a key.then i met your father,and suddenly i had peopleto do everything for me.and i assumed that i wouldmaintain my proficiencies,should i ever, god forbid, need them.but no, i have lost all my skills.and now i know how it feelsto be utterly helpless,like you, and your sister.i don't know if i'd call us "helpless."no need to make me feel better.anyway, i um... i found something.david, that's your cell phone!um... you might wannapress play on my cell phone.just press..."folding" is one of the easiesttechniques in the book.it's just a very gentle wayof combining two ingredients.see what i'm doing?well, that's simple enough,any fool could do that.- did you do that?!- no.folding is most often used in baking...- oh, mr. rose.- oh, hi there, ted.i was just dropping offsome stuff for alexis.oh. you wanna come in?uh, i think it's best if i don't.oh.- oh...- yeah.we broke up.yeah, i... i'm sorry to hear that.yeah, me too.are you okay?yeah, yeah, i'm fine.good.okay, that's okay.i'm sorry, it's just...she really made a mark on me, you know?and it's rare to find someonethat beautiful, and smart,and deeply selfish, yet charming!yeah, i know, i know.well, you'll bounce back,you'll bounce back becauseyou're a fine young man.you're a fine young man, and...yeah, yeah. i think i just...need to get away for a little while.you know, clear my head a bit.yeah, well, that looks likethat might be a good idea.well, this looks delicious!i see someone decided on a new dish.nope, these are the enchiladas.yeah well, they kindasmell like enchiladas, so...we had lots of fun making them.mm! let's not ruin a mealby talking about the process!well, fair enough.hey, i for one, cannot wait to dig in!hmm!mmm!not bad. not bad, you two!not bad at all!mm... it's creamy.- very creamy.- mm!thank you, alexis.well, this could be a very good thing!i think maybe once, or twice a week...this won't be happening again.uh-uh.although it's really not that complicated,- once you fold in the cheese!- ahh...-- corrected by chriske --