- john!- oh, i was starting to think...i've been hijacked.- what?- my campaign has been hijacked.oh, i need some tea. twyla?what's going on?- tea?- no thank you.ugh! my campaign signshave gone missing.- what?- you had election signs?- yes! all of them! gone!- wow.maybe people were mowing their lawns.well, it's probably just kids.


what if there's a moresinister explanation?oh, like the wind.i was wondering if there'ssomeone who's thinking,"oh, this woman may not have many signs,but she has myriadqualities worth voting for.i must stop her!"so you think the signs were stolen?stolen? ew!is that what you think happened?well, isn't that what you were implying?- who would do that?- well, i don't know. it's dirty pool.you can't sabotage someone's campaignand take their signs.please, please, everyone calm down!


well, i suppose if there'sa silver lining in all this,it's that...someone is imitated enough into thinkingthat i might be affecting this town'slong-established voting patterns.-- synced by the_foe (dla misi!) ---- corrected by chriske --oh good. good.now the playing field is more fair.yeah, i was worried jocelyndidn't have enough signs up.ah. you and me both, pal,but, luckily, i'm a step ahead of ya.okay, enough with the signs, roland.it was overkill a week ago.well, i don't know about you, johnny,but i would like my littlelady to win this campaign.oh! well, funny you should mention,because my little lady had allof her lawn signs disappear.oh. moira had lawn signs?she had a few.now she has none.wait. are you sayingthat i... had something...- i'm not pointing any fingers,- uh-huh.but if i find out you hadanything to do with this,even though you'reacting like you don't...well, if i find outthat you're accusing meof doing something i didn't do,then i'm going to accuse youof making false accusations.fine. but if you'redenying doing somethingyou might have doneand making me feel guilty...for accusing you of somethingyou claim you didn't do...ooh, is that a threat?i think so.because i don't wanna tellyou how i respond to threats.and i don't wanna tell you how i respondto illegal political activity.okay, fine, then don't.fine, i won't.maybe.oh dear god. yes.mm-mm.mm-mm.well then, take it outof my savings account.well, what about the air miles?can you put some of themtowards the electricity bill?okay, this signage,is not really on brand.it's not ridiculous.well, i'm not havingthis conversation either.is everything okay?david, to be honest,i'm having a little trouble financiallyand i'm gonna have to let you go.- what?- it seems i have overshot my budgetwith the changes you'vebeen implementing.which is not your fault.you were my mistake, whichi take full credit for.okay, i thought you were likingthe changes i was making.we just sold another poncho yesterday.i still can't believe we even sold one.but that's not gonna help mewhen i am down to a costco cardand a zoo membership.okay. well, is there anything i can do?no, you've done enough already.fortunately, i didgotten some good news.apparently there is ablouse barn in australiaand they are gonna payme to use their name here.can you believe it?that there's another storecalled blouse barn? no.no, it's an entire chain.they're expanding into north americaand they are gonna pay me $10,000just to cover the costsof renaming the store.okay, so they're buyingthe name from you?well, it's more of a gesture actually.apparently, i have been usingthe name without their permission.okay, so this company is givingyou $10,000 as a gesture...and to think i almost calledthis place "blouse house."something seems reallysketchy about thisand i'm not just saying thatbecause i have a hardtime with australians.- lotta drunks.- well, it's already happening.they're coming in this week,they're bringing the paperwork...as your brand manager,i feel like i needto be at that meeting.i don't know...at least let me talk to afew people before you decide.if there's one thing i'velearned from "the good wife",it's never accept a first offer.- i... i'm gonna just... do that.- oh.- i have a question.- yes, your cologne is too strong.okay, i just put it onand it needs to breathe a bit, so...i... came in here to askwhether you knew anythingabout trademarking store names?yeah. we had to deal with thatfrom time to time at rose video.uh-huh. and did anyone everask you to stop using the name?no, but we went afterother people for using it.i remember a-a "rosie's video"in sao paolo.that was a fun shakedown.mm-hmm. okay, well, sayyou owned blouse barn.well, first of all, i'd neverget into the clothing business'cause the margins are terrible...okay, let's pretend for a sec.and someone was offering you$10,000 to stop using the namebecause there's anotherblouse barn in australiaand they need the name.$10,000 to stop usingthe name "blouse barn?"- that's correct.- i would take that in a second.it's a terrible name.- okay, but that's not...- now at least with "rose video,"it said what it was,and the logo lookedgreat on a golf shirt.yeah, i'm just thinkingif it's a big chainand they want the name,surely you should beable to get more for it.yeah, but is worth goingto court to fight it?oh, i don't think wendy can afford that.she can't even afford me anymore, so...wait a minute. you were fired?technically, i would sayi'm in a transition phase at the moment.this is terrible news.i thought you wereturning that store around.all those big purchases,all that spending...okay, let's just focuson the big picture,which is helping the store.well, if you wanna help the store,i would tell your boss to take the deal.and then you and i are gonnasit down, update your resume,and get you back into the workforce.okay. well, thank you so much for this.um, it was entirely unhelpful,but thank you nevertheless.well... anytime, son.oh, it's just so violating.how can one sleep knowing ourstreets are laden with thieves?well, i don't know about laden.i had a newspaper stolen once.two days ago, we hadsomeone break our window.they didn't take anything,but they left a dead bird inside.that's kind of like my aunt.she has a ghost in her house thatkeeps leaving dimes everywhere.look what's happened to us.these sign bandits have clearlycreated a culture of fear.if it helps at all, i'd be happyto put one of your signs on my lawn.th-that is if jocelyn doesn't mind.oh no, i'd put one on my lawnif i wasn't worried about winning.i hope you know that i don'tstand for dirty politics, moira.oh no, you mustn't beat yourself up.you have your own signs to worry about.all two hundred of them.well... we're here to sing,aren't we? so... let's sing!well said! let usfocus on tomorrow's showand not fan the flames ofthis provocative scandalany more than is necessary.sing ladies... if you can.let's do this.hey.what're you shopping for?i'm not shopping.okay, well, i'm seeinga lot of women's tops,so if there's a minimumamount for free shippingcan let me know before you order?okay, yeah, no, i'm... i'mactually doing work, so.mm... dad said that you got fired.i wasn't fired.i'm... actually working sothat i can stay employed.i have a big meeting with some lawyersand i'm trying to make surethey're not taking advantage of wendy.poor thing is a hot mess.okay, i just really think youshould stay out of it, david.you're not good under pressure.- and you are?- um, i'm sorry. were you picked upby the south korean secretpolice on new year's?i had to sweet talkthe consulate's lawyerto get me a passport before midnight.okay, well this is a verydifferent situation from thatand i'm pretty sure i'm gonna be fine.did you or did you not havea subscription to cosmo girlwhen you were 16 years old, david?no.okay, david, if you haveto lie about somethingyou should breathe out while you answer'cause it really just calms you down.oh my god! i'm not being interrogated.this is a negotiation.i'm just trying to prepare you, okay?'cause they're gonnaeat you alive in there.okay. if you know so much about this,why don't you come with me then?okay, well, i guess that just dependson what's in mom's closet.why does that matter?well, i'm not gonna wear my own clothesinto the room, david.they're not scary enough.i know that we just met but ifprince harry trusted me with his life,then i think you can too.well, i do feel betterhaving a lawyer in the room.oh my god, you're so cute.um, i'm not a lawyer,but i'm glad that myfashion pony is working.oh, hi. i'm wendy kurtz.welcome to the blouse barn.lisa chung.i didn't realize therewere gonna be more of us.we're her representation.david rose.angelica bloomfield of rose,bloomfield and glickman.well, let's go to my office shall we?- oh, mr. rose!- oh, hi stevie.i found these. i thoughtmrs. rose might want 'em back.you found them?okay, look, i know we haven'talways been ideal motel guests,but taking my wife's signs?ah, no, i took out your garbage,and these poked a hole inthe bottom and fell out.so... they're stillin pretty good shape,i thought she might want them back.oh...since she's been soworried about her signshaving been mysteriously stolen.right, right.well, i mean, i can seewhat must have happened here.she accidentally, uh, threw them out.that's one theory.or... someone stole themand hid them in our garbageto try and sabotage moira...to make it look like she'sdone something... really crazy.that is definitelysome food for thought.- yeah.- mm.well, thank you,stevie. have a nice day.thanks. i will.this shouldn't take long. the check.this should cover the cost ofthe signs, business cards...about the check.we had some questions about the amount.well, you shouldn't.$10,000 is the amount we agreed upon.well, that may be,but some things havechanged on our side,and we want to discuss the...i think it's fine, david.from a legal standpoint,there are lots of costs to consider.- mm-hmm. - there are thesigns and the business cards...i just mentioned those.objection sustained.there is the travel,there are the meals,there is the shippingand the catering...which is very similar to the mealsand not necessarily relevant, so...'kay. well, the $10,000 doesn'teven cover our legal fees, so...- what?- don't worry about that.and if we're gonna announce a new name,there has to be a whole relaunch event,and that involves... event plannersand, um, florists.okay, i think what mycolleague is trying to say,is that our brand is verywell established here,um, so we're going torequire a higher compensation.no, it's... ooh-ooh-ooh,ooh-ooh-ooh. ooh...no! no, no, gwen, youtook the lower third.well, could you please then?i've already locked mine in.thanks, doll.moira, do you have any ideahow stevie found yourcampaign signs in our garbage?i don't think anyone can hear us, john.you don't have to keep up the act.- what act?- that you didn't know i took the signs.you took your signs?i didn't know you took the signs.why would you take your own signs?well, i couldn't verywell take jocelyn's.that would be stealingand i'm running a clean campaign.you call this a clean campaign?politics 101, john.when you have limited resources,your best course ofaction is to create a stir.it's exciting, it's fun.it's like that episode of sunrise baywhen i stole my own baby.moira, sunrise bay was a soap opera.yes, and this is reality.frankly, john, i'msurprised at your naivety.moira, you're misleading people!no, i'm building a mystery.voters will draw their own conclusions.i basically accused rolandof stealing your campaign signs.well, then hopefullyyou've learned something -you shouldn't make accusationsyou can't substantiate.- moira...- i'm not listening until you calm down.okay, well, blouse barn australiais willing to offer youan additional $5,000.- oh my god.- thank you.so if you'll just signhere, i think we're good.i don't think we are.i have done some researchand i happen to knowthat your company pulledin $100 million last year.point being?well, the point is, judgingby your bag and those shoes,blouse barn australia is paying youquite a bit of money to come hereand help us "switch over our signs."bottom line, we're standing in your wayand i don't think yourclient will be very happyif you come home withoutsecuring the rights to the name,especially considering you're expandinginto 78 stores across north america.and let's be honest,"blouse house" doesn't havequite the same ring to it.- exactly!- angelica, please.this is the number that we are after.now, if you'll excuse us,we have another meeting to get to.we're in our store.we await your reply.moira, i felt bad aboutwhat happened to your signsand so i had some of mystudents make these for you.jocelyn!they're not as nice as theblack and white ones you had,but i thought that they might help.very considerate.though there's something youand i still need to discuss.the signs.we both know that, in a heated campaign,one might use whatever resources one has- to gain advantage.- yes.jocelyn, you have so many signs!i know. roland got carried awayand used his mayoral powerto get people to putmore signs on their lawns.and i just... pretendedit wasn't happening.roland forced constituentsto put up signs through coercion?that's what we're talking about, right?mm-hmm,mm-hmm, yeah.i just was helpingyou explain, so you...because you seem so upset by it all.i am upset.i don't like what thiscampaign is doing to me.the other day, i calledanother driver an effing moron.i didn't say the 'f' word,but i said, 'effing, 'and that is not me!jocelyn, i don't thinkit's exactly unethicalto do questionable thingsin the spirit of competition.i'm dropping out of the campaign.- what?- i'm barely sleeping,i can't get through an episodeof "masterchef junior" without crying.we've both worked so hard for this.i know, and now i am giving it to you.congratulations, moira.you are the new councilor forthe town of schitt's creek.david, come on in!here, have a seat.lisa got back to me.she dropped off a check.it's a big check, david.oh, thank god!it's a bit check!oh...um, you don't mean one of thosebig lottery checks, right?- no.- okay.but you pulled it off!um, thank you for trusting me.well, i wouldn't go that far.okay. um... i guess weshould get back to work.i love your enthusiasm,but i think i'm going to take some timefor my family, for me,and close the store.oh, okay.but i appreciate all you've done,and i want you to havethis, you and alexis.well, alexis didn't do that much.oh, oh my god.and i hope this helpsget you on your feet.and do somethinginteresting. you always do.i... can't accept this.- moira!- john.i'm so excited to see the show.i'm going to be on council.we'll, that's thespirit. positive thinking.i won! jocelyn quit the election.what?she couldn't take it anymore.well, think what youcan do in four years.four years? no, no one saidanything about four years.and-and the thought ofworking with roland every day.i mean, that's...i wouldn't even think about that.oh, john. what have i done?- ♪ 'cuz tonight for the first time ♪- ♪ ah, ah, ah, ah, ah ♪- ♪ just about half past ten ♪- ♪ ah, ah, ah, ah, ah ♪- ♪ for the first time in history- ♪ ahhhh ♪- ♪ it's gonna be raining men ♪- ♪ dada-da-da-da-da-da-da bop! ♪so...$40,000?!oh, that's a lot of money.wow! even dividedamongst the four of us.divided? i'm the one whonegotiated all of this.um, with my help, david.i believe i offered advice.you said wendy should caveand take the first offer.what you gave was theopposite of advice.okay, stop. this is good.this is the first realmoney we've seen in a year.'kay, i think we definitelyneed to celebrate.nothing big, just a little treat...like a trip.okay. i can't believe thati'm the one to say this,but um... shouldn't we be s...shouldn't webe s-s-s...should we be... tryingto sa... save this?isn't... shouldn't we be saving...putting this in a bank?isn't that what people do?well, that's no fun.no... but probably best?maybe we could do manicures.i could a manicure. thethree of us should go.- yes!- long overdue.- yeah, that's a good idea.- yay!wait a minute, wait a minute.just 'cause i do my own nailsdoesn't mean, you know, i wouldn't go...'kay, they're just expensiveand you wouldn't really appreciate them.oh yay, david! yay!-- corrected by chriske -- 