don't judge me for whati'm about to ask you to do.come inside, please.- what're you about to...- it does not matter. it doesn't matter.what?that.- that's why you called me in here?- yeah, look at it!- i'm looking.- no! look at it.uh, it looks like a bug...- yeah.- trapped under a glass.i googled that bug. it'ssome sort of demonic cricketthat "takes chunks out ofyour skin when provoked."


chunks is the word that google used.you googled a bug?yeah. i have a thing aboutbugs with milky exoskeletons.i have this irrational fear theyare gonna crawl into my mouthand nest at night, so...so, what do you want me to do, kill it?no, i think i just need moral supportwhile i slip a piece of paperunder the glass with the bugand take the trappedbug and walk it outside.or we could just... kill it.no, that's not the way to go.oh! oh my god! it's fleeing!- whoa, it's fast!- it's fleeing into the bathroom.that's why you use the cup method,because you'd keep it contained!


now it's just all out!well... i guess i don'teven need to be here.well, it's h...now it's hiding somewhere in the darknesswaiting for nightfall.i... i can't... i can't sleephere. i can't sleep here.not with your mouth open anyway.that's not a nice thing to say to me.you know, sometimes i forget whatlife was like before i knew you.okay, bye-bye! bye. yup.'kay. hope you catch it!i can hear it. i can hear it.what the hell?hey! where's my towel?!john?johnny?! where's my towel?!anyways, i asked this kid tocome to the front of the classand solve this math equationand he was "pitching a tent."- he had a boner!- oh.and then i was thinking, theseare young boys, these poor kids,and it can't be easy havinga teacher like myself, so...- mm...- what was your question again?you know, it's been solong i can't remember.there you are, john! where did my towel go?moira! nanaimo bars.accidentally doubled the batchand roland's on diabetes watch,so i thought why not share the wealth?well, what a lovely gesture, huh, moira?john, i had towel and now it's disappeared!there's a towel on the back of the door.no, that one has dirt on it!that's not dirt. i used it to kill a bug.i'm sorry. i... i guess i'm stressed.morning, jocelyn!you know, moira, you everneed to just go somewhereto unwind and have some pampering,i know a great place in elmdale.let's not and say we did.you know, honey, a littlepampering might not be a bad idea.could alleviate some of thatweight your carrying around.so now i'm fat and stressed?emotional weight. emotional.john, go find a towel now, please,or i will strip out of this robeand i will air dry in the street!okay, well, i'm just gonna go home. sorry.no, no, no. i didn'tsay i didn't want them.thank you.a little pampering. great idea.- i think so, yeah.- yeah.hey, twy.um, twy...what is in the "meadow harvest" smoothie?uh... you know, it changes every day.just depends on my mood.but it's all organic, earthy ingredients.okay, so it's like fruity or... ?yes, it is. yup. at times.and then other times, not.okay! well, today, is it morefruity or more vegetably... ?no, i don't know.i've gotta check in theback and see what we have.so meadow harvest doesn't referto anything... in particular.no, meadow harvest isexactly how it sounds.it just changes everyday.mm... okay. all right.well, i'll just um...do that that then...the meadow harvest thing.- great!- thank you.hi.hi.um, i just feel like i have to warn you,what you just ordered is gonna...run through you like niagara falls.excuse me?uh, she's a sweet girl buther smoothies are deadly.um, i usually prescribe them to my patientswhen they're feeling a little... backed up.that's a lot of information.i'm... i'm... i'mkidding. i'm actually not.i've absolutely donethat... with her smoothies.so are you a doctor or... ?i'm a veterinarian.oh! it's basically the same thing.- ted.- um... alexis.i know. without sounding too forward,i've seen you around anduh... you know, i have to say,i think that you arethe most beautiful girlthis town's ever seen.what? no.i'm sure there's likeanother girl... somewhere.no, i mean it.yeah.well, it's really nice of you to say.i would love to take youout to dinner sometime.- oh!- i feel good about this one.yeah, it's a little less fruitybut a little more... something.mm!mm...oh my god.so... about the bug thing.no explanation necessary.you've got a thing about bugs.no, i don't have a thing about bugs.it was one bug, and that bug was milky.so... you're a man at one with nature.yeah. i could not bemore at one with nature.i do coachella every year, so...mm. oh! so you'd be... into coming with meon the annual turkey shoot then.that's something that should excite you.what?- the turkey shoot?- mm.roland's annual thing. wego out and we hunt turkeys.been doing it every year since i wasfar too young to be holding a gun.yeah... yes. yeah. let's do that.i was joking.i have a strong feelingthat would not be your thing.and what do think "my thing" is exactly?high thread count sheets?colognes that smell like fireplace...okay. well, it might surprise you to knowthat i have more than one thing,so i will happily go with you on the hunt!nothing would make memore excited than to...go hunting for...- turkeys.- turkeys... with you,so... is this a tweed or a camo situation?okay, did anyone actually see this pillowcome out of this container?seriously?! go. to. hell!you're off... you're a fool!okay, moira, why are we doing this?why don't we wait for the girl to come inand help us make the bed?she never comes, john.no. bastard. bastard!- jocelyn! hi!- johnny.oh good, you're here, moira.i was just booking myself anappointment with janine at the salonand i said to myself, "wow,moira really looks likeshe needs a pick-me-up,"so i booked you a mani too!little girls spa day on me.wow! what a nice gesture!may i see a spa treatment menu?oh, well, it's just a salon,so they don't really doall that kind of stuff.but she does give a mean scalp massage.really mean?if you requested that, i guess, yeah.moira, this sounds too good to pass up.please, please do this, for me.let me rephrase that.do it for you because you deserve...yes! my answer's yes, jocelyn. thank you.- yay!- oh, yes.so, what're you doing tonight?making chili. might do some laundry.a polite person would now ask mewhat i'm doing tonight.that's what this is about? sorry.um... what're you doing tonight?ted's taking me out.- ted.- mm-hmm. ted.i don't know his last name.the... the, um, doctor.- the vet?- yeah, the doctor.the animal doctor.yeah, we went to high school together.i think you'd be good for each other.do you?i think he has everythingyou're looking for in a husband.a husband?what am i looking for in a husband?money.hmm.did you know richard gere'smiddle name is tiffany?so ted's taking me to antonio's.what's antonio's?it's this little buffetrestaurant in elmdale,but he said that wecould order off the menu.are you sure you wanna betraveling so far out of townwith a person you just met?i went on a blind date to bali with leo,so... i'm pretty sure i'm gonna be fine.so who is this person?mm... he's cute.- and...- and...he doesn't have a trust fund,so, like, that's a refreshingchange of pace for me.speaking of people without trust funds,what about that beardy thingthat you spend time with?- what? mutt?- yeah.- no. ew. it's not a thing.- right.- i'm looking for alexis.- oh, you have a what?a thing with alexis tonight?- uh, a date.- i think that's ted.why is he over there?because he knows how much i love it whenmom and dad interrogate your boyfriends.- i wonder what they're asking?- no, david!tell me, ted, are yourparents still together?uh, no. they divorcedwhen i was in high school.oh... alcoholism.no, i think they just realized thatthey were better off as friends.- tsk, tsk. affair. poor thing.- hmm.okay. that's enough,everybody. thank you so much. hey!hey! got the wrong room. hi.- yeah, you did. okay.- yeah. uh...hey! i know you!yeah, no, stevie brought you in to see me.i had the pleasure of treatingyour son's panic attack.so antonio's buffet, huh?- so many choices, one little plate.- okay, you know what?bye, guys. we'll see you in the morning!"in the morning!" very funny, alexis!don't even think aboutit. ain't gonna happen.- ted, not on the first date.- yes, sir.don't wanna kill the buzz, but have fun.alexis seems to have foundsomeone to keep her busy.what about you, david?i'm gonna go to bed. i have to be up earlyi stupidly agreed to gohunting with stevie tomorrow.- hunting?!- yeah.- hunting?!- yeah.you said hunting?!yeah.wow.- agh!- it's me!- who is it?- it's your father!what're you doing lurking in our bedroom?i'm not "lurking" in yourroom. your alarm is going off,you're not turning off your alarm!shoot!you know, i'm telling you, i... i... i...i'm not comfortable with you going hunting.i don't feel comfortable with it either!end. this. now. thank you.- all right, just be careful please!- okay. thanks.you and your nightgown cantippy-toe back to bed. i'm late.you ever killed before?have i ever killed before? no.elton john used to have an annualhunt at his place in windsor,but that was more about the lunch.turkey virgin!does this come in a slimmer cut?here. you can take this one.it has a scope so you can see the head.okay!gather round, my shooters.bob has a little prayerhere he'd like to offer up.just a little convo with thebig man upstairs for a second.it happens every year.our god, in these times of need,our light in these times of darkness...- david, do you wanna...- oh.so is it, like, a small town thingto end the first datewith a kiss on the cheek?what?nothing.what?! it's not like itwas a bad date or anything.well, it sounds like things got crazy.yeah! i actually introduced him to beyonceon the car ride on the wayhome, so that was very special.it's just, if the date's a success with me,i'll let you know it.okay...i mean, he might as wellhave shaken your hand.well, he did that too.- hey!- hey!i thought that you coulduse a proper smoothie!well, lucky for you,we're just finishing up.uh, hey, mutt. do you want a ride?- i'm good.- are you sure? it's a long walk.i like walking.suit yourself, bud.so you don't mind wrapping up?bye!so how are your bowels? good and tight?yes. thank you for the concern.well, i just wanna make sureyou got the stomach for this'cause you, you kinda seem likean indoors-y sort of guy to me.you know, delicate. fragile. scrimpy.thank you.okay, get down.have you ever held a gun before?uh, yeah, but it wasn't this... heavy,which makes me think thatelton's was actually a toy.all right, you gotta...treat it like it's a newborn baby.have to admit, not into babiesso it's kind of a guessing game for me.oh, you got soft hands.okay, thank you. thanks.you don't have to do this.do what? have fun?smell like manure? get called "scrimpy"?who wouldn't wanna sign up for this?yeah.oh, uh, jocelyn, would you grab us a tablewhile i speak with my husband, please.well, he should join us!and... between you and me,people are noticing you!excuse me, cowboy, haveyou seen my husband?oh my god. oh, oh, oh...look at you. boy, you look like...who? who do i look like?i wanna say tanya harding.do you? how about... ?- jocelyn!- mm-hmm.oh my god, that's right! why jocelyn?because everyone whocomes out of that salonlooks just like jocelyn.wow! and is that you? is that your... wig?no, it's a dead possum.yes, it's a wig, john.is she still looking at us?yes, she is. yes. so what happened?i can't believe you're wearing this.this is what i get for being nice, john.i'm doing this for jocelynbecause she paid for it,and it was her "little treat,"and i didn't have theheart to rip it off my headmuch less torch it.so, now, until i get in the shower,i'm stuck looking like every other inmatein this godforsaken prison.she's coming over. i just told a joke.you did? you did!what do you think of your beautiful wife?well, which... beautiful wifeare we talking about here, huh?oh...well, i can't tell youhow freeing it is, jocelyn,to... to try something new like this. 'tis.i mean, of course, as an actress,i can imagine what kindof sad character might...but not necessarily.sad?! you think this is a sad look?no! no.not the look. no, jocelyn,i'm talking about the inner sadnessthat would come from...from living in such a...we have to get drinks. several drinks,don't you think? let's celebrate!- let's... celebrate drinking!- okay.okay, david,it's all yours. aim for the face.it's looking at me.that's it. you're lockedin. it's just you and him.okay...just point and shoot, david.hard to do when you're talking, bob.there's no one talking now.- bob, you're talking.- what?- stop talking!- too much talking!shoot the bird, david! shoot it!ronnie honestly, if you'renot gonna shoot it, i...- and... in the neck.- it's still moving.just let it bleed out.you okay?i feel like one of the manson girls.first time's tough.even tougher when you shoot it in the neck'cause then it takes longer to die.okay, not helping, ronnie.so, now what? do we just...wait until its turkey familycomes and shoot them too?hey, i think i see them.no, no.yes! heard you.- jocelyn! hi.- hi.i just wanted to say how fun itwas to spend the day with you.oh, jocelyn, 'tis i whoowes you a big thank you.i also wanted to apologizefor janine ruining your wig.no, don't be silly. i was...i was about to... find a shower cap.i know you hate your hair, moira.almost as much as you hate this town.but there's a possibility you could be herea really long time.may i offer you something?the people here arejust trying to help you,and there'll be days whenyour wigs need conditioning...or one of your fashion-yblouses shrinks in the dryer,and you'll have to go to janine'sor get a shirt at the blouse barn,just like the rest of us.and i would hate for thatday to catch you by surprise.i don't hate this town, jocelyn.it's just not mine,and this is not my hair.i know. it's a wig.it's not my style.you? on you, it's adorable.you have a look thatsays, "hi. i'm jocelyn,and i know who i am!"for that, you're very fortunate. you are.i don't who i am fromone moment to the next.so honestly, dear, i envy you, all right?but if you ever... ever catch me shoppingat the blouse barn,you must shoot me in the temple.promise?promise.my son is hunting rightnow with your husband,so i... i know you people have guns.what about what we justdid makes you think,"yeah, you know what? i wannado this year after year after year"?was it the lying in the mud partor was it... wearing the clothesthat smell like mentholcigarettes and body odor?'cause usually it's more fun.usually ray comes and... gets wasted and...spends the whole daysinging carole king ballads.david, i...need a towel, please.is that a new wig? because...you are reminding me of someone.towel, please.i need my towels. uh,what... who did this to you?!you went to janine's.yes. jocelyn took me to...jocelyn! you look like jocelyn!jocelyn. and what's your excuse?oh, um... i shot a bird in the neck today.it was an indelible imagethat i had scarred in my minduntil i saw what was...happening up there with you.so... thank you.i'm gonna get your towel.